Movie : Pretty Woman
Release Date : 23 March 1990
Genre : Romance, Comedy
IMDb Rating : 7
Box Office Collection : $463400000
Leading Role Male : Richard Gere
Leading Role Female : Julia Roberts
Music : James Newton Howard
Cinematography : Charles Minsky
Producer : Arnon Milchan, Steve Reuther, Gary W. Goldstein
Director : Garry Marshall
Screenplay : Priscilla Nedd
Running Time : 119 minutes
Language : English
Plot : High-powered businessman Edward Lewis has broken up with his girlfriend after an unpleasant phone call wherein he asked her to escort him during his business trip - she is offended that he treats her as his "beck and call girl". Edward is a corporate raider, who buys companies that are in financial trouble and tears down the company piece by piece. Leaving a business party in the Hollywood Hills, he takes his lawyer's Lotus Esprit sports car, and accidentally ends up on Hollywood Boulevard in the city's red-light district, where he encounters prostitute Vivian Ward. As he is having difficulties driving the car, she gets in and guides him to the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel, where he is staying. It becomes clear that Vivian knows more about the Lotus than he does, and he lets her drive. Vivian charges Lewis $20 for the ride, and they separate. She goes to a bus stop, where he finds her and offers to hire her for the night; later, he asks Vivian to play the role his girlfriend has refused, offering her $3,000 to stay with him for the next six days as well as paying for a new, more acceptable wardrobe for her. That evening, visibly moved by her transformation, Edward begins seeing Vivian in a different light. He begins to open up to her, revealing his personal and business lives. Edward takes Vivian to a polo match in hopes of networking for his business deal. His attorney, Phillip, suspects Vivian is a corporate spy, and Edward tells him how they truly met. Phillip later approaches Vivian, suggesting they do business once her work with Edward is finished. Insulted, and furious that Edward has revealed their secret, Vivian wants to end the arrangement. Edward apologizes, and admits to feeling jealous of a business associate to whom Vivian paid attention at the match. Vivian's straightforward personality is rubbing off on Edward, and he finds himself acting in unaccustomed ways. Clearly growing involved, Edward takes Vivian by private jet to see La Traviata at the San Francisco Opera. Vivian is moved to tears by the story of the prostitute who falls in love with a rich man. Vivian breaks her "no kissing on the mouth" rule (which her friend Kit taught her) and they have sex; in the afterglow, Vivian tells Edward she loves him, but he does not respond. Edward offers to put her up in an apartment so she can be off the streets. Hurt, she refuses, says this is not the "fairy tale" she dreamed of as a child, in which a knight on a white horse rescues her. Meeting with the tycoon whose shipbuilding company he is in the process of "raiding," Edward changes his mind. His time with Vivian has shown him a different way of looking at life, and he suggests working together to save the company rather than tearing it apart and selling off the pieces. Phillip, furious at losing so much money, goes to the hotel to confront Edward, but finds only Vivian. Blaming her for the change in Edward, he attempts to rape her. Edward arrives, wrestles Philip off her, punches him in the face and throws him out of the room. With his business in L.A. complete, Edward asks Vivian to stay one more night with him, but because she wants to, not because he's paying her. She refuses. Edward re-thinks his life and has the hotel chauffeur detour to Vivian's apartment building, where he leaps from out the white limousine's sun roof and "rescues her." Edward asks, "So what happens after he climbed up the tower and rescues her?" to which Vivian responds, "She rescues him right back."