Movie : To all the boys i've loved before
Release Date : 17 August 2018
Genre : Romance, Comedy, Drama
IMDb Rating : 7.4
Box Office Collection : $0
Leading Role Male : Noah Centineo, Israel Broussard
Leading Role Female : Lana Candor
Music : Joe Wong
Cinematography : Michael Fimognari 
Producer : Brian Robbins, James Lassiter, Will Smith, Matthew Kaplan
Director : Susan Johnson
Screenplay : Phillip J. Bartell, Joe Klotz
Running Time : 99 minutes
Language : English
Plot : High school junior Lara Jean Covey writes letters to boys she feels an intense passion for before locking the letters away in her closet. Her latest letter is to her childhood friend Josh, who is dating her older sister Margot. Margot breaks up with Josh before leaving for college, but her leaving leaves Lara Jean feeling alone. She feels too awkward to hang around Josh again, leaving her with only one other friend, Chris. One night while hanging out with her little sister, Kitty, Lara Jean falls asleep on the couch, allowing Kitty to sneak into Lara Jean's room and find her collection of letters. The following Monday at school, Lara Jean is confronted by a former crush of hers, Peter. Peter reveals he was mailed his letter, causing Lara Jean to faint. After waking up, she sees Josh approaching with a letter of his own, and in a moment of panic Lara Jean kisses Peter before running off. Lara Jean then encounters another recipient of a letter, Lucas, who comes out as gay as she realizes all the letters have been mailed. She then explains to Peter she was merely causing Josh to think she lost interest in him. Peter is surprisingly okay with this, and proposes he and Lara Jean fake date each other to make his ex-girlfriend (Lara Jean's ex-best friend and current #1 rival) Gen jealous. She agrees, and the next few months go by with the whole school, along with their respective friends and families, believing the lie. However, when Peter finds Gen actually jealous, he finds himself conflicted on his true feelings. Meanwhile, Lara Jean finds herself jealous at the two. Eventually, the two go on the school ski trip together, where they confront each other about their true feelings. They proceed to kiss while alone in a hot tub. After the trip ends, Gen confronts Lara Jean, revealing Peter spent the night in her room after they kissed. Furious, Lara Jean breaks up with Peter and storms home, where she finds Margot has returned from college. Peter then comes to her house, hoping to explain that nothing happened between him and Gen, but Josh arrives as well. Margot overhears everything, and is visibly upset when she learns of Lara Jean's former feelings for Josh. Things are worsened when after Lara Jean asks Peter to leave, she sees that a video of her and Peter in the hot tub has been put up on Instagram. Lara Jean asks for Margot's help, who calms down and comforts her sister. Kitty then reveals she was the one who sent the letters. While Lara Jean is enraged, Margot calms her down when she asks why the letters had addresses on them. Lara Jean realizes she may have wanted to send them but was too afraid to do so, and the sisters forgive each other before emailing Instagram to get the video taken down. After Christmas break, Lara Jean discovers everyone knows about the video anyway, while Peter tries to tell everyone that nothing happened. Lara Jean confronts Gen about the video, who reveals she tried to sabotage their relationship as she felt betrayed when Lara Jean kissed Peter in middle school during spin-the-bottle. After talking with her dad and reevaluating the relationships in her life, Lara Jean talks to Josh, who agrees to be friends again. When she hesitates to go to Peter despite having real feelings, Kitty pushes her to do so. Lara Jean goes to see Peter, and he tells her he is in love with her. The two kiss before walking off together. In a mid-credits scene, John Ambrose, a recipient of Lara Jean's letter who she knew in the fifth grade arrives at her door with flowers in hand.