Movie : Arjun Reddy
Release Date : 25 August 2017
Genre : Drama,Romance
IMDb Rating : 8.7
Box Office Collection : $7045100
Leading Role Male : Vijay Deverakonda
Leading Role Female : Shalini Pandey
Music : Radhan
Cinematography : Raju Thota
Producer : Pranay Reddy Vanga
Director : Sandeep Reddy Vanga
Screenplay : Sandeep Vanga
Running Time : 186 minutes
Language : Telugu
Plot : Arjun Reddy is a final-year student at St. Mary's Medical College in Mangalore, India. He is one of its house surgeons who, despite being a brilliant student, has severe anger management problems that earn the wrath of the dean of the college. Arjun's aggressive nature also earns him a reputation among his juniors as a college bully. After having a brawl alongside his friend Kamal against members of the opposing team during an inter-college football match, the dean asks Arjun to either apologise or leave the college. Arjun initially chooses the latter but stays back after meeting first-year student Preethi Shetty.Arjun and his friend Shiva enter a first-year classroom and announce that Arjun is in love with Preethi and asserts that she is exclusive to him. Initially afraid, Preethi starts adjusting herself to Arjun's overbearing attitude. She eventually reciprocates his feelings and they develop an intimate relationship. Arjun graduates with a MBBS degree and leaves for Mussorie to pursue a Master's degree in Orthopedic surgery. Over the course of three years, Arjun's and Preethi's relationship becomes stronger. Months later, Arjun visits Preethi's house, where her father sees them kissing and throws Arjun out.Preethi's father opposes her and Arjun's relationship because they belong to different castes. Arjun demands that Preethi must make a decision within six hours otherwise he will end their relationship. Following this incident, Preethi's parents seize her telephone, making her unable to contact Arjun. By the time she manages to visit Arjun's house, he is drunk, injects morphine into himself and becomes unconscious for two days. Preethi is then forcibly married to someone from her caste. Arjun learns about the marriage from Shiva and goes to her house in protest. He is assaulted and gets arrested for making a scene. Arjun's father ostracises him from the family home for damaging his reputation.With Shiva's help, Arjun finds a rented apartment and joins a private hospital as a surgeon. To cope with his emotions he starts taking drugs, attempts one-night stands and drinks alcohol; all of which are unsuccessful. Within months, he becomes a successful surgeon and a high-functioning alcoholic who is feared by the hospital's staff members. Arjun's self-destructing behaviour and refusal to move on worries Shiva and Kamal. He persuades one of his patients Jia Sharma, a leading film star, to have a no-strings relationship with him, which he ends when she falls in love with him. On a day off, Arjun unwillingly agrees to perform a life-saving surgery and collapses with dehydration. The hospital staff examine his blood samples which show traces of alcohol and cocaine. The hospital chief files a case against Arjun, who accepts the truth on the grounds of violating his professional ethics. Arjun's medical license is temporarily cancelled and he is evicted from the flat. The next morning, Arjun learns that his grandmother has died; he meets his father and they reconcile. Arjun gives up his self-destructive habits soon after. While on vacation, Arjun sees a pregnant Preethi sitting in a park. Convinced that she is unhappy with her marriage, Arjun meets her after returning from his holiday. Preethi reveals that she left her husband days after their marriage and continued to work in a clinic. She tells Arjun he is the child's father and they reunite. The pair marries and Preethi's father apologises for misunderstanding their love for each other.