Movie : Gabbar Singh 
Release Date : 11 May 2012
Genre : Drama,Comedy
IMDb Rating : 7.1
Box Office Collection : $20715000
Leading Role Male : Pawan Kalyan
Leading Role Female : Shruti Haasan 
Music : Devi Sri Prasad
Cinematography : Jayanan Vincent
Producer : Bandla Ganesh
Director : Harish Shankar
Screenplay : Satish Vegesna,Ramesh Reddy
Running Time : 152 minutes
Language : Telugu
Plot : Venkataratnam Naidu is a young boy who lives with his younger half-brother (Ajay), stepfather Naidu (Nagineedu) and mother (Suhasini Maniratnam) in Kondaveedu which is a village in Guntur District. His stepfather is always partial towards his half-brother which constantly angers Venkataratnam. He starts to not care about what other people think about him and renames himself after the fictional character "Gabbar Singh".[a] His anger towards his brother and father grows and he runs away from home. His stepfather, Naidu catches him and joins him in a boarding school away from Kondaveedu. 21 years later, a scene shows a gang of robbers trying to steal money from a bank in Kondaveedu, when Gabbar Singh (Pawan Kalyan), now a cop, tries to recover the money by beating up the robbers. It is revealed that Gabbar Singh is now posted as the C.I. (Circle Inspector) for the Kondaveedu region. His anger towards his brother and step father remains the same and lives separately from them. He wants to live with his mother in his new house, but she instead wants him to stay with her and Naidu. Ajay is a gambling addict and has loans all over the village. Gabbar Singh falls in love with a handicraft vendor named Bhagya Lakshmi (Shruti Haasan), whom he chances upon during a police raid that he conducts against gambling. It is later revealed that the robbers who tried to steal are actually the henchmen of an upcoming politician goon named Siddhappa Naidu (Abhimanyu Singh). He with the help of his uncle (Tanikella Bharani) wants to become the MLA of Kondaveedu, in the upcoming by-election. He wants to be nominated from the ruling party. He meets Gabbar Singh and tries to appreciate him for catching the robbers. Gabbar Singh flatly refuses and tells Siddhappa that he actually knows who he is and tells him to behave himself. Angered by Gabbar Singh's response, Siddhappa Naidu sends goons to disrupt the market yard in Kondaveedu. Gabbar Singh confronts the goons and defeats them with ease to reopen the market yard. Even more enraged, Siddhappa now plans to kill Gabbar Singh but his uncle instead advises him to speak with the Home Minister (Rao Ramesh) about transferring Gabbar Singh out of Kondaveedu. Siddhappa and his uncle meet the minister, who simply denies their request. He also advises Siddhappa to make peace with Gabbar Singh or it would hurt his political aspirations. Meanwhile, Gabbar Singh meets Bhagya Lakshmi and proposes marriage. She rejects it saying that she has to look after her ailing father (Kota Srinivasa Rao), who is an alcoholic and she cannot marry while he is alive. Gabbar Singh then comes home to find his mother dead. He goes to his stepfather to make peace, as he is the only family left. His stepfather rejects and despises him as an outcast. Gabbar Singh is then attacked at the handicraft exhibition by Siddhappa's men, when he is with Bhagya Lakshmi; he kills all of them in a fight. He confronts Siddhappa and warns him to stop bothering him and tells him that he will never allow Siddhappa to become a MLA. Provoked by Siddhappa's men, Gabbar Singh's brother hits one of his creditors brutally and injuring him. Siddhappa calls the police station to warn them about the fight. Gabbar Singh beats up his brother in public, thus disgracing him. Siddhappa decides to take advantage of the situation and suspend Gabbar Singh. But Naidu resolves the situation by accepting an apology from Gabbar Singh. Angered by the outcome, Siddhappa tells Gabbar Singh that something big will happen in the next 24 hours and tells him to stop it if he can. Gabbar Singh interrogates the henchmen of Siddhappa and finds out that Siddhappa arranged the marriage of Bhagya lakshmi with a local merchant by paying her father a lot of money to enrage Gabbar Singh. Gabbar Singh goes to the wedding and confronts Bhagya Lakshmi whether she loves him or not. Bhagya Lakshmi reveals her love and Gabbar rescues and marries her in the same event. Siddhappa, as a last effort tries to bribe the high command to get a party nomination to contest in the election. He offers ₹50 million to get the ticket. Gabbar Singh comes to know of the arrangement and steals the money that Siddhappa sends to the high command. Gabbar Singh's brother in desperate need of money is approached by Siddhappa. He offers help and money and in exchange asks him to work for his elections. Siddhappa orders him to deliver a cellphone (an iPhone 4 box) and a box of sweets to the Minister's house. But, unknown to him, a bomb is placed in the sweet box, which kills the minister. Knowing that it was Gabbar Singh's brother who did the blast, the district superintendent (Jaya Prakash Reddy) suspends Gabbar Singh. Gabbar Singh confronts his stepfather Naidu tells him about his brother. Naidu suffers a heart attack after hearing the news and is hospitalized. Gabbar Singh takes care of Naidu at the hospital, thus bonding again. Gabbar's brother who is shocked by the events and the blast is convinced by Siddhappa to kill Gabbar before the later catches him. Although he has no intention to kill his brother, he accepts to do it to escape from them and meets Gabbar Singh. He confesses to Gabbar that he was sent to kill him by Siddhappa. Gabbar tries to take him to the commissioner for a confession against Siddhappa. But Siddhappa calls Gabbar on his phone and reveals to him that he killed Gabbar's mother, when he came to Gabbar's old home in search of his money. In a final battle, Gabbar arrives to Siddhappa's house and takes down the goons and kills Siddhappa. In the final scene it is shown that, Gabbar Singh hires most of the Siddhappa henchmen and gives them low profile police jobs.

