Movie : Pitch Perfect
Release Date : 24 September 2012
Genre : Comedy, Romance
IMDb Rating : 7.2
Box Office Collection : $115400000
Leading Role Male : Skylar Astin, Rebel Wilson
Leading Role Female : Anna Kendrick, Brittany Snow
Music : Christophe Beck, Mark Kilian
Cinematography : Julio Macat
Producer : Paul Brooks, Max Handelman, Elizabeth Banks
Director : Jason Moore
Screenplay : Kay Cannon
Running Time : 112 minutes
Language : English
Plot : During the 2011 ICCA Finals at Lincoln Center, Barden University’s all-female a cappella group, the Barden Bellas, lose to their all-male rival group the Treblemakers, due to junior member Aubrey Posen vomiting on stage in the middle of her solo. Four months later, newly arrived Barden University freshman Beca Mitchell has no desire to attend college, but is forced to do so by her father, a professor at the university, with whom Beca has a strained relationship. Wishing she could instead pursue a career as a music producer in Los Angeles, Beca spends her time making mash-up mixes of songs and takes up an internship at the school radio station, where she gets to know fellow freshman Jesse Swanson. At the university’s activities fair, Beca is offered to join the Bellas by seniors and current co-leaders Aubrey and Chloe Beals, but she declines. Later, Chloe discovers Beca’s talent for singing and convinces her to audition. Beca reluctantly auditions by performing "Cups (When I'm Gone" and joins the Bellas with Cynthia Rose Adams, Stacie Conrad, Lilly Onakuramara, and Fat Amy Hobart, but members Kori and Mary Elise were kicked out for having sex with a Treblemaker the next day after. Meanwhile, Jesse is also revealed to have joined the Treblemakers. The Bellas participate in the 2012 ICCA Regionals where, at Aubrey's insistence, they perform the same medley that helped the Bellas advance to the Finals the previous year. In spite of their traditional set list, the group manages to place second, sending them to the Semi-Finals. After the competition, the Bellas try to break up a fight between the Treblemakers and the Tonehangers, a group consisting of graduated Treblemakers. Beca and Fat Amy accidentally smash a window with the Treblemakers' trophy, which alerts a police officer who then arrests Beca. Beca meets Jesse who waits outside the police station, but discovers that he has gotten her father involved in the situation, causing a rift between her father and also with Jesse. Beca tries to propose that the Bellas be more daring, but Aubrey insists that they will win with their traditional repertoire. At the ICCA Semi-Finals, Beca provides an impromptu layering of La Roux's "Bulletproof", into on the Bellas' set list in an attempt to reinvigorate the crowd after they seemed to have lost interest. After the performance, Aubrey scolds Beca, and accuses her of trying to sabotage their chances to advance, as well as dating a Treblemaker, but Jesse attempts to stand up for Beca. Frustrated at Aubrey's obliviousness and Jesse's convenience, Beca snaps at them both and quits the Bellas, with the Bellas losing their place in the Finals due to their third place ranking behind the Treblemakers and the Footnotes. Meanwhile, Jesse’s roommate Benji Applebaum finds out that the Footnotes' leader, Timothy, is a high school student and reports it, causing their disqualification and simultaneously advancing the Bellas to the Finals by default. After spring break, Beca tries to apologize to Jesse for being rude, but he declines by telling that she pushes away everyone who cares about her. During the Bellas rehearsal, Chloe stands up against Aubrey's stubbornness, sparking a fight over the group's pitch pipe. However, Beca intervenes, apologizes to the Bellas for changing the set without Aubrey's permission during the Semi-Finals and asks to be given a second chance. After having a heart-to-heart conversation, Beca rejoins the Bellas and Aubrey relinquishes her half of the leadership to Beca. Meanwhile, Treblemakers leader Bumper Allen leaves the Treblemakers after being offered a job as a back-up singer for John Mayer. With Bumper gone, Jesse persuades the Trebles to let Benji join the group in Bumper's place, a position Benji failed to earn during the auditions earlier. At the Finals, the Bellas perform a modern piece arranged by Beca, which includes Simple Minds' "Don't You (Forget About Me)", a song featured in The Breakfast Club, one of Jesse's favorite movies. This acts as a more effective apology, and after the performance, she and Jesse kiss. The Bellas defeat the Treblemakers and win the Finals. Six months later, auditions for new members take place.