Movie : Tik Tik Tik 
Release Date : June 22, 2018
Genre : Fiction,Thriller
IMDb Rating : 6.5
Box Office Collection : $52014350 
Leading Role Male : Jayam Ravi
Leading Role Female : Nivetha Pethuraj
Music : D. Imman
Cinematography : S. Venkatesh
Producer : Nemichand Jhabak
Director : Shakti Soundar Rajan	
Screenplay : Shakti Soundar Rajan
Running Time : 131 minutes
Language : Telugu
Plot : An asteroid strikes the Ennore neighborhood of Chennai. Soon, astronauts predict another asteroid is going to hit India within 6 days, which could be catastrophic. The Indian Space Research Organisation decides to send Vasu (Jayam Ravi), a trained magician and escape artist, along with his team and a team of scientists to get ahold of a missile in a space center which they plan to use to destroy the asteroid before it reaches Earth. The military also catches Venkat (Ramesh Thilak) and Appu (Arjunan), two of Vasu's good friends, as per Vasu's instructions. Vasu, Venkat, and Appu are alerted about the asteroid and that they have to steal a nuclear missile from a Chinese space station. The mission is disguised as a satellite maintenance project. Vasu meets Swathi (Nivetha Pethuraj) and Raguram (Vincent Asokan), two army officials who are going on the mission with them. Vasu, Swathi, Venkat, Appu, and their captain Raguram go on the space shuttle, Dhruva-1. Just before launch, Vasu's speech channel is directed to an unknown voice, which tells Vasu he has kidnapped his son Ravi (Aarav Ravi), who will die unless Vasu gives the missile to him. Vasu, who is emotionally attached to his son, agrees. The space shuttle launches. While in flight, Vasu goes unconscious, and Swathi and Venkat take him to the sick bay. There, Vasu wakes up and goes into the wire chamber to cut the wire that controls the liquid hydrogen fuel tank. Vasu actually faked going unconscious due to directions from the unknown voice. Vasu cuts the wire, and the fuel tank loses much of its fuel. Dhruva-1 crash-lands on the moon, where Vasu becomes the first Indian man to step on the moon, much to the dismay of another astronout who wanted to be the first Indian to step on the moon. Then Swathi and Raguram are investigating the problem when Vasu suggests they request fuel from the target space station. Swathi convinces Raguram to fly to the space station. The space station astronauts agree to refuel them. However, once Vasu, Swathi, Raguram, Venkat, and Appu go on the space station after Dhruva-1 is done docking, they are arrested. The captain of the space station, Lee Wei (Aaron Aziz), tells them he knows about the asteroid and that they want to get his missile. He refuses to give it, saying they want the asteroid to strike so that China, Lee's native country, can gain more power by signing financial contracts to rebuild southern India and Sri Lanka. Lee tells his soldiers to release Vasu and the rest of the crew when the asteroid bypasses the safety line. Once the asteroid bypasses the safety line, there is no chance of diverting it. Meanwhile, Ritika (Rethika Srinivas), a high-ranking official managing the mission, discovers surveillance photos of Vasu cutting the wires. She suspects someone managing the mission caused Vasu to do that. Chief Mahendran (Jayaprakash) is revealed to be the unknown voice telling Vasu to bring him the missile so he could send it to a terrorist. Meanwhile, back at the space station, Vasu attempts to fight against the soldiers before being handcuffed. The soldiers take the briefcase he is holding and keep it aside. Venkat, who was hiding in the briefcase, comes out and inserts a USB drive into the space station's computer system. He is then taken to the cell. There, he and Vasu work on downloading a bug into the space station via the USB drive. They, along with the other crew members, learn that Lee's fingerprint and iris are required to unlock the cell that hides the missile. Vasu is able to obtain Lee's fingerprint and iris scans, which he uses to unlock the cell. Moments later, he is thrown back into the cell when a soldier reports to Lee that the missile is missing. Lee tortures the crew members until Vasu tells him the missile is in Dhruva-1. At that point, he takes off the handcuffs and escapes to Dhruva-1. He tells Swathi to tell Lee that the missile is aimed at China. At that time, it is revealed that Vasu did not take the missile; he used a magic trick to make it look as if it was gone. He proceeds to steal the missile, sounding the alarm and alerting Lee and his soldiers. Swathi, Raguram, Appu, and Venkat escape to Dhruva-1. Vasu steals the missile and escapes to Dhruva-1 with a low oxygen tank. The crew settles down and proceeds to fly to the asteroid. On the way, another space shuttle, Dhruva-2, will refuel Dhruva-1 before returning to Earth. Mahendran tells Vasu that giving the missile to Dhruva-2 will cause Mahendran to release Ravi. Vasu gives the missile to Dhruva-2 while docked. Back on Earth, Mahendran, who is alerted about this, lets Ravi go. Dhruva-1 then proceeds to the asteroid. Once they get close to the asteroid, Swathi and Raguram notice the missile is missing. Mahendran, who has access to photos of Vasu cutting the wire, tells it is Vasu's fault, using the photos as evidence. Everyone gets worried, and many mission officials fear their families will die in the asteroid strike. Once the asteroid seemingly reaches the safety line, the Dhruva-1 crew alerts that the asteroid is not at the safety line and is 2 minutes away from it. It is revealed that Vasu discussed the unknown voice with the other crew members, and they formulated a plan. The "missile" given to Dhruva-2 was actually a fake one and not the authentic missile. They proceed to shoot the authentic missile at the asteroid, which destroys the asteroid and saves the world from a catastrophe. Everyone except Mahendran cheers. At the mission control center, Ritika finds out that Mahendran was threatening to kill Ravi unless he got the missile but is later killed by Mahendran. In space, a chunk of the asteroid damages Dhruva-1's left wing, forcing the crew to go in a pod. The pod lands in a river, and on the banks are the mission control officials who cheer for their victory, along with Ravi and his grandfather. Vasu and Ravi meet once again, and Ravi tells Vasu to look in his pocket. Vasu takes out a piece of jewelry he knew was Mahendran's, and learned it was Mahendran who kidnapped Ravi. The film fast-forwards to an awards ceremony. When Vasu gets his award, he gives the piece of jewelry back and whispers to Mahendran, "After all, he's my son." Vasu walks away with Appu and Venkat while Mahendran commits suicide offscreen.