Movie : 3 idiots
Release Date : 25 December 2009
Genre : Romance, Drama, Comedy
IMDb Rating : 8.4
Box Office Collection : $63466200
Leading Role Male : Aamir Khan, R. Madhavan, Sharman Joshi 
Leading Role Female : Kareena Kapoor
Music : Shantanu Moitra
Cinematography : C. K. Muraleedharan
Producer : Vidhu Vinod Chopra
Director : Rajkumar Hirani
Screenplay : Abhijat Joshi, Rajkumar Hirani, Vidhu Vinod Chopra
Running Time : 150 minutes
Language : Hindi
Plot : On board a departing Air India flight, Farhan Qureshi (R. Madhavan) suddenly receives a call from Chatur Ramalingam (Omi Vaidya) claiming that he has found Rancho. He then causes an emergency landing by feigning a heart attack. Farhan fetches Raju Rastogi (Sharman Joshi) and they meet Chatur at a water tank in their old college campus; Chatur revealing that Rancho is in Shimla. As they drive their way to Shimla, an elaborate flashback shows Farhan and Raju beginning their college year in the prestigious Imperial College of Engineering (ICE) in Delhi. They are joined by Ranchoddas Chanchad (Aamir Khan), known as "Rancho" . While Farhan takes engineering over photography to please his father, Raju takes the course to lift his family from poverty. Rancho, on the other hand, believes in hands on learning and tends to give unorthodox answers in class, coming into conflict with professors, in particular with the institution's director, Dr. Viru Sahastrabuddhe (Boman Irani), whom the ICE community nicknames as "Virus", and whose traditional and strict philosophies on education contrast sharply with Rancho's carefree love of learning. Meanwhile, Chatur, nicknamed "Silencer", is an arrogant Ugandan-born Tamil student with little knowledge of Hindi, who is obsessed with topping the exams. Days later, the trio find a student named Joy Lobo (Ali Fazal) hanging in his room; his death caused by depression after Virus tells Joy's father that he will be unable to graduate. Rancho uses this to criticize Virus's method of teaching and show him how much pressure engineers face when they study - angering him further. After Rancho visits his friends' families, the trio then gatecrash a wedding to eat and meet and befriend Virus's daughter, Pia (Kareena Kapoor), who is a residency student at the city's hospital. When Virus spots the trio, he summons Farhan and Raju on the next school day and threatens their family's income. During a Teachers Day celebration, Chatur is humiliated when he delivers a Hindi speech modified by Rancho, and bets Rancho that ten years later,they would see who is more successful. Sometime later, Rancho saves Raju's dying father with the help of Pia. Pia falls in love with Rancho. One night during their senior year, the three friends drunkenly break into the Sahastrabuddhe residence so that Rancho can propose to Pia. As the three friends escape, Virus recognizes Raju and threatens to expel him unless he writes a letter implicating Rancho in the break-in. Unwilling to betray Rancho or disappoint his family, Raju unsuccessfully attempts suicide and ends up in a coma. With intensive care and support from his friends and Pia, Raju recovers in time for a corporate job interview. Meanwhile, Rancho and Pia post Farhan's letter to his favorite photographer Andre Istvan, who offers him a position as assistant. After advice from Rancho, he communicates his dream to his father, who gives his blessing. Infuriated by Rancho's influence, Virus sets a difficult final exam to fail Raju. Pia tries to help the trio by revealing to them the location of the exam paper, but Virus finds out and expels them. Pia confronts Virus about her brother who committed suicide because he couldn't meet Virus' expectation of clearing the engineering exam. That same night, Virus' pregnant elder daughter Mona goes into labor during a heavy storm which cuts off all traffic and electricity. Rancho and the other students use their engineering knowledge to deliver the baby with the help of Pia over video call. A grateful Virus finally acknowledges Rancho as an extraordinary student, allowing the three to graduate. On graduation day, Rancho disappears shortly after the ceremony ends. Returning to the present, Farhan is a successful wildlife photographer, Raju is married and settled with his family in a comfortable lifestyle with a corporate job, and Chatur is the vice president of a reputed corporation in the United States. None of them have heard from Rancho since graduation. Arriving at Shimla, they meet a man who turns out to be the real Ranchoddas Chanchad(Javed Jaffrey). From him, they learn that the Rancho they knew was actually "Chhote", an orphaned servant to the Chanchad family. Ranchoddas' father arranged for Chhote to attend ICE in his son's name, so that his son could take credit for the degree. Ranchoddas provides Chhote's address in Ladakh, where he is a school teacher. On the way, they pass Manali and rescue Pia from marrying her materialistic boyfriend Suhas over Chatur's objections; Chatur hurries to seek a business deal with world-renowned scientist and businessman with 400 patents, Phunsukh Wangdu. Upon arrival in Ladakh, the four find the village school, witnessing young students' inventions that resemble Rancho's own college projects. Raju, Farhan, and Pia then happily reunite with Rancho, Pia and Rancho kiss, but Chatur insults Rancho, and asks him to sign a statement that he is the less successful one. Without comment, Rancho does so. As Chatur walks away in triumph, Rancho reveals himself to be Phunsukh Wangdu much to his friends' and Pia's surprise. A horrified Chatur accepts his defeat and begs him to sign the contract while Pia and the three friends run away laughing.