Movie : Vikramarkudu
Release Date : 23 June 2006
Genre : Action
IMDb Rating : 7.7
Box Office Collection : $8140176
Leading Role Male : Ravi Teja
Leading Role Female : Anushka Shetty,Jyothika
Music : M. M. Keeravani
Cinematography : Sarvesh Murari
Producer : M. L. Kumar Chowdary
Director : S.S. Rajamouli
Screenplay : S.S. Rajamouli
Running Time : 161 minutes
Language : Telugu
Plot : Athili Sathi Babu (Ravi Teja) is a rookie thief in Hyderabad, who is crazy about performing dare devil acts. He falls in love with Neeraja (Anushka Shetty), who is in Hyderabad to attend a marriage. Sathi Babu makes his way into her heart and she also starts loving him. Sathi Babu tells her the truth about him being a thief and resolves to give up crime forever. But before that, he decides to swindle one last person for a large sum of money along with his con-friend Duvva (Brahmanandam). He tricks a woman in a bus stand and flees with a trunk. This leads Sathi Babu to Neha (Baby Neha), a young girl who was in the trunk instead of the wealth he thought was in the trunk, who thinks that Sathi Babu is her father. Flummoxed by what is happening, but forced to keep Neha with her as a police officer Inspector Mahanti (Rajiv Kanakala) keeps his eye on him. Although he tries keeping Neha away from Neeraja’s eyes, the latter finds out about Neha. Angry and hurt, Neeraja leaves for her place leaving Sathi Babu heartbroken. Soon, unknown goons attack him, taking him to be Deputy Commissioner of Police, Vikram Singh Rathod (also Ravi Teja), Neha’s real father. Rathod looks exactly like Sathi Babu, which had caused all the confusion. While many unknown people help Sathi Babu run to safety with Neha in his arms, he is soon surrounded by the goons. It is then that Rathod makes an appearance and saves the day killing every goon by himself, but he soon dies suffering from injuries. The other policemen who had assisted the DCP then inform Sathi Babu of the whole incident. In Chambal village of Devgarh, Madhya Pradesh, the slain, and corrupt local M. L. A. Bavuji (Vineet Kumar), a borderline psychopath, engulfs the town with his political corruption, illegal activities, criminal nexus, rape, and money laundering. His son Munna (Amit Tiwari) indulges in abusing women, and raping the wives of policemen. Rathod immediately arrests him and also makes him mentally insane. Munna humiliates police by removing their clothes but was killed by Rathod when he was hung from a tree by the belt of a humiliated inspector. Rathod was attacked by Bavuji's brother Titla (Ajay) on Holi where he was stabbed from the back as well as shot in the head while trying to save a village child and was assumed to be dead. But he survives with a brain injury although the goons assumed that he is dead. Effects of this brain injury are later visible and these effects are diminished by water falling on his head. Sathi Babu then adopts Neha, who does not know that her father is dead. Then Sathi Babu returns to Devgarh posing as Rathod, and heads to settle the scores with Bavuji. Duvva tells Neeraja the truth and she forgives Sathi Babu. Sathi Babu, being a goon, handles Bavuji well with tricks. He sets the MLA's wine factory on fire and makes the villagers rob his food store. A fight ensues in which he defeats all of Bavuji's men alone. In the end, he fights with Titla on a rope bridge. Sathi Babu ties and cuts the rope and Titla falls to death. Sathi Babu gets married to Neeraja, and they leave for a new life with Neha and Duvva.