Movie : Jaane tu ya jaane na
Release Date : 4 July 2008
Genre : Romance, Comedy
IMDb Rating : 7.5
Box Office Collection : $11462300 
Leading Role Male : Imran Khan
Leading Role Female : Genelia D'Souza
Music : A. R. Rahman
Cinematography : Manoj Lobo
Producer : Mansoor Khan, Aamir Khan
Director : Abbas Tyrewala
Screenplay : Shan Mohammed
Running Time : 155 minutes
Language : Hindi
Plot : The story begins as a flashback in an airport, when Jiggy (Nirav Mehta), Rotlu (Karan Makhija), Sandhya (Alishka Varde), and Shaleen (Sugandha Garg) offer to tell Mala (Renuka Kunzru), the unique love story of Jai and Aditi. Meet Jai (Imran Khan), the most non-violent Rajput ever. Meet Aditi (Genelia D'Souza), a.k.a. 'Meow', a highly aggressive, impulsive girl. She abuses and scratches people (hence the name Meow). Despite their differences, Jai and Aditi are college-going best buddies. Jai and Aditi are perfect for each other. Their friends know this. Their parents know this. Everybody but the two themselves know this. Aditi dreams of a virile, macho husband, while Jai wants a sweet, romantic girl. Since the two of them don't believe that they are in love, after finishing their college they start to hunt for a perfect life partner. Jai falls in love with Meghna (Manjari Phadnis) in a club where two rough boys( psychos )were misbehaving with her. He rescues her cleverly, not by fighting but by tricking the two psychos, thus winning Meghna's heart. When Meghna and Jai get close to each other, Rotlu, Jiggy, Sandhya and Shaleen are happy, but nobody notices that Aditi is missing Jai's company. Meghna informs Jai that her parents squabble but cannot live without each other. Jai visits Meghna's parents and sees that her father is an alcoholic and while Jai goes to meet Meghna's parents, he misses Aditi's surprise birthday party, whereby Aditi's feelings are hurt by his absence. Later, feeling deserted, Aditi gets engaged to her father's friend's son, Sushant Modi (Ayaz Khan). She sees in him the macho man she always wanted. However, Sushant is also a spoilt playboy. Aditi's brother, Amit (Prateik Babbar), tries to make her see who Sushant really is but Aditi thinks that Jai loves Meghna and continues her relationship with Sushant. At Jiggy's birthday bash, Aditi introduces her fiancé to everyone and then everybody dances to music, but she feels jealous when she sees Jai dancing with Meghna, and Jai is upset that Aditi is engaged to Sushant. and then in the middle of the dance, Sushant thinks Aditi is crying because she likes him and kisses her. When Jai sees Sushant kissing Aditi, he stops dancing abruptly. Meghna tries to cheer him up, but it just results him in becoming more angry,so he shouts at Meghna. Meghna breaks down and tells Jai about her parents break up and extra marital affair which has affected her psychologically. The next day, Jai breaks up with Meghna whereby she is shattered and leaves with a goodbye kiss. As for Aditi, she is under duress from Sushant, who slaps her on her face, leaving a bruise and she tells Sushant she wants to break the engagement and go to NY to study alone (secretly wanting to return to Jai). Aditi breaks up with him and decides to go to the USA to study film-making at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts. When she meets Jai he spots the bruise on Aditi's face and contrary to his usual non-violent nature, he thrashes Sushant for daring to lay a hand on her. Inspector Waghmare (Paresh Rawal), arrests Jai for thrashing Sushant and puts him behind the bars. There, he meets again the two rough psychos who were harassing Meghna in the club. The threesome in jail find out that they are closely related cousins, separated in childhood. They tell him that for a boy to become a man in their Rathore clan, he must complete three conditions: 1.) Thrash someone 2.) Get arrested 3.) Ride a horse. In the meantime, Aditi makes her way to the international airport for departure to USA. Bhaloo and Bhageere, who are Jai's rich cousins, use their influence to bail out Jai after which, Jai rides a horse, borrowed from his cousin, and heads direct towards the airport to stop Aditi from leaving, thus he fulfills all three conditions of rathore clan. He finds Aditi at the airport lounge and sings the song – "Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na" which is the film's theme song-for her, which is the same song that Jai had said in the beginning he'd sing for the love of his life. Aditi, delighted, hugs him and cancels her US trip. Airport security cop Inspector Prakash, on finding that Jai is not a terrorist, lets him go, but with a warning. Rotlu, Jiggy, Sandhya and Shaleen conclude the story and welcome Jai and Aditi, just returning from USA after 5 years, at the airport. Mala gets extremely delighted to see them and introduces herself as Jiggy’s girlfriend and they leave the airport together, living happily ever after.