Movie : How to train your dragon
Release Date : 16 April 2010
Genre : Animation, Fantasy, Drama
IMDb Rating : 8.1
Box Office Collection : $495800000
Leading Role Male : Jay Baruchel
Leading Role Female : America Ferrera
Music : John Powell
Cinematography : -
Producer : Bonnie Arnold
Director : Chris Sanders, Dean DeBlois
Screenplay : Will Davies, Dean DeBlois
Running Time : 98 minutes
Language : English
Plot : On Berk, a Viking village located on a remote island from which dragons periodically steal livestock, Hiccup, the awkward fifteen-year-old son of the village chieftain, Stoick the Vast, works as a blacksmith's apprentice. As he is too small and weak to fight the dragons, he instead fashions mechanical devices under his apprenticeship with Gobber, the senior blacksmith, though his inventions often malfunction or backfire. During one attack, Hiccup shoots down a Night Fury, an extremely rare and dangerous dragon, with a bola launcher of his, but when no one believes him he goes off to look for it on his own. He later finds it in the forest trapped in his bolas, but finding that he cannot bring himself to kill the dragon, he instead sets it free.
Stoick assembles a fleet to find the dragons' nest, entering Hiccup in a dragon-killing class taught by Gobber. Hiccup returns to the forest to find the Night Fury still there; he realizes the dragon is unable to fly properly because of its crippled tail fin. Hiccup befriends the dragon, gradually taming it and giving it the name 'Toothless' due to its retractable teeth. Feeling guilty for crippling Toothless, Hiccup eventually makes a harness and prosthetic fin that allows him to guide the dragon in flight. By observing Toothless's behavior, Hiccup becomes increasingly proficient in subduing the captive dragons during training nonviolently, earning him the admiration of his peers but causing Astrid, a tough Viking girl on whom Hiccup has a crush, to become increasingly suspicious of his behavior. Meanwhile, Stoick's fleet arrives home unsuccessful, though he is cheered by Hiccup's unexpected success in dragon training. Astrid eventually discovers that he is training Toothless. Hiccup takes her for a flight to demonstrate his relationship with the dragon before she can tell the village. Toothless unexpectedly takes the pair to the dragons' nest where they discover a gargantuan dragon named the Red Death, which eats the smaller dragons unless they bring it stolen livestock; the pair realize that the dragons have been attacking Berk under its control as opposed to their own free will. Back at the village, Hiccup, having won dragon training, is given the task of killing a captive Monstrous Nightmare dragon; he, instead, subdues it in front of his father and village instead of killing it in an attempt to prove that the dragons are harmless. However, Stoick inadvertently angers the dragon into attacking. Toothless attempts to protect Hiccup in the ensuing panic but is instead captured by the Vikings in the process. Hiccup accidentally reveals to Stoick that Toothless is capable of locating the dragons' nest; Stoick disowns his son and sets off for the nest with Toothless chained to the lead ship as a guide.
The Viking attack force locates and breaks open the dragon's nest, allowing most of the dragons to fly out but also awakening the Red Death, soon overwhelming the attack force. Hiccup, Astrid, and their fellow pupils fly in riding the training dragons from Berk, providing cover fire for the attack force and distracting the Red Death. Hiccup almost drowns trying to break Toothless free, but Stoick saves them both, reconciling with his son. Working together, Toothless and Hiccup destroy the Red Death; Hiccup, however, is injured in the fight, losing his lower left leg and requiring a prosthesis. Hiccup regains consciousness on Berk to find himself admired amongst the tribe and by Astrid, with the Vikings and the dragons now living in harmony.