Movie : Kissing Booth
Release Date : 11 May 2018
Genre : Romance, Comedy
IMDb Rating : 6.2
Box Office Collection : $0
Leading Role Male : Jacob Elordi, Joel Courtney
Leading Role Female : Joey King
Music : Patrick Kirst
Cinematography : -
Producer : Ed Glauser
Director : Vince Marcello
Screenplay : Vince Marcello
Running Time : 110 minutes
Language : English
Plot : Born on the same day and time in the same hospital in Los Angeles, California, Elle Evans (Joey King) and Lee Flynn (Joel Courtney) have been best friends all their lives. To keep their special friendship, the pair created a set of friendship rules they promise to follow including rule #9: relatives totally off limits, especially Lee's older brother Noah (Jacob Elordi). On the first day of school due to unforeseen circumstances Elle is forced to go to school wearing a skirt that is too small. Another student touches her butt which almost gets Lee into a fight but Noah instead jumps into the fight. Elle, violates the dress code so she has to serve detention. Tuppen, the student who touched Elle inappropriately later apologizes. Lee and Elle chat and he approves of her going on a date with Tuppen however Elle is stood up. He goes to see her later that night to let her know that he was threatened by Noah not to go out with her. And finds out that, Noah has told other guys besides Tuppen not to date Elle. Elle and Lee decide to create a kissing booth for the school carnival. The two have difficulty finding people to participate but get a group of popular girls called the OMG's to participate by lying to them about Noahs participation. The kissing booth is a success. However, girls become angry when they discover that Noah is not actually working the kissing booth. Therefore Elle is set up to kiss a nerdy kid while blindfolded however Noah interferes causing him to kiss Elle and when she takes off her blindfold he does it again. After cleaning up Elle sees Noah flirting with another girl so she runs home while Noah looks at her. While on her way home it starts to rain and Noah offers her a ride on his motorcycle. However, the rain gets too heavy and they have to stop. They shelter in a nearby glass 'bandstand' in a park. Elle kisses Noah again and he pulls away. After staring at each other Noah goes in for another kiss. Elle ends up pulling away, telling him she can't be another one of his conquests. He’s hurt by her response but tells Elle why he likes her. They kiss again but are interrupted by a security guard who recognizes Noah and tells him to stop bringing girls there. Elle gets upset that Noah brought her to the place where he brings his other girlfriends and leaves. The next day, there is a school party. Elle sees Noah getting tackled by females, so she undresses to make him jealous.The school participates in a slippery slide drink game.While at a party Elle is harassed by Warren and Noah trucks (football term) him.This causes Elle to storm off but Noah requests her to get in his car very aggressively.Instead of going home he takes her to the Hollywood Sign and they talk about their relationship. They both admit to liking each other and decide to come up with rules for their relationship, one being that Lee never finds out. The two share a kiss, and Noah tries to lay a move on her. Elle moves his hand to signal she isn't ready, but she makes the first move instead and they end up having sex under the Hollywood sign. Elle and Noah start to see each other secretly and are careful that Lee or anyone else don't find out. While in Noah's room his mom almost walks in on them and Elle has to hide. While hiding she overhears her say that he had been accepted to an Ivy League school. Soon after he reveals to her that he is going to Harvard and she starts to realize that he won't be around next year. One day while hanging out with Noah, Lee walks in on him tending to a cut on her face. He become suspicious and asks Elle if it was Noah who hurt her. This infuriates Noah and they are about to get involved in a fight, but Elle stops them and takes Lee away. Lee asks her is there is something going on between the two of them, to which she denies. She ends up feeling guilty about lying to Lee and goes back to Noah and tells him that they need to come clean that night and when Noah agrees he says that way he can take her to prom. They kiss but Lee ends up seeing it. Hurt, Lee attempts to leave his house but Elle tries to get him to talk before Noah intervenes and eventually get into a fight. Lee asks if they have sex, Elle and Noah looks gulity and Lee admits he knew they were.After backing off, Lee leaves and Elle tells Noah to leave her alone. Lee starts giving Elle the silent treatment and Noah goes missing. While at the arcade one day Lee invites Elle over to play a game and they make up and make plans for their upcoming birthday party. Before prom, Noah finally returns but to talk to Elle's dad who says he does not approve but it is her decision. Elle goes to prom with Lee and his girlfriend Rachel and has a good time until a replica of their kissing booth is revealed. Noah comes out from behind the curtains to tell Elle that he loves her but she responds by saying that she cannot keep on hurting the people she loves because of him and that no one wants them to be together. Noah agrees to this but then asks her what does she want. To this Elle does not seem to have an answer and she runs away sobbing. Rachel chases after her but she gets away before they can say anything. The next day at their costume themed birthday party, Elle begins missing Noah and decides to leave. Lee stops her and Elle tells him that she loves him but she also loves Noah and if he can't accept that then maybe they shouldn't be friends. Lee, finally accepts that Noah makes her happy and agrees to help Elle find him. Elle and Lee get in the car and leave for the airport. She starts sharing her true feelings for Noah to Lee and then it is revealed that all this time in the car it was Noah in Lee's costume. Elle is surprised to see Noah and admits to him that she loves him. They embrace and kiss. During the next few weeks, Elle and Noah spend every day together before he has to leave for college. When it is time to go Elle goes with him to the airport and he leaves. After watching him leave, she drives off on Noah's motorcycle saying that she does not know if they will be together forever but she knows that a part of her heart will always belong to Noah Flynn. The story ends with Elle stating that everything happened just because of the Kissing Booth.