Movie : Harry Potter and the Socerer's Stone
Release Date : 12 April 2002
Genre : Fantasy
IMDb Rating : 7.6
Box Office Collection : $974800000
Leading Role Male : Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint
Leading Role Female : Emma Watson
Music : John Williams
Cinematography : John Seale
Producer : David Heyman
Director : Chris Columbus
Screenplay : Steve Kloves
Running Time : 152 minutes
Language : English
Plot : Albus Dumbledore, Minerva McGonagall, and Rubeus Hagrid, professors of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, deliver a recently orphaned infant named Harry Potter to his only remaining relatives, the Dursleys. Ten years later, Harry has been battling a disjointed life with the Dursleys. After inadvertently causing an accident during a family trip to the zoo, Harry begins receiving unsolicited letters by owls. After the Dursleys escape to an island to avoid any more letters, Hagrid re-appears and informs Harry that he is actually a wizard, and has been accepted into Hogwarts against the Dursleys' wishes. After taking Harry to Diagon Alley to buy his supplies for Hogwarts including a wizard uniform, a wand and a pet owl named Hedwig as a birthday present, Hagrid informs him of his past; Harry is the son of two wizards who met their demise via a Killing Curse at the hands of Lord Voldemort, a malevolent, all-powerful wizard. Harry, the only survivor in the chaos, thus becomes well-known in the wizarding world as "The Boy Who Lived". Harry is then taken to King's Cross station to board a train to the school, where he meets three other students: Ron Weasley, whom he quickly befriends; Hermione Granger, an intelligent witch born to muggle parents; and Draco Malfoy, a child from a wealthy wizarding family whom he immediately clashes with. After arriving at school, the students assemble in the Great Hall, where Harry and all the other "first-years" are sorted by the Sorting Hat between four houses: Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Although the Sorting Hat considers placing Harry in Slytherin alongside Draco, he is placed into Gryffindor alongside Ron and Hermione. At Hogwarts, Harry begins learning magic spells and discovers more about his past and his parents. After recovering the Remembrall of clumsy Gryffindor student Neville Longbottom, Harry is recruited for Gryffindor's Quidditch team as a Seeker, which is extremely rare for first-year students. While exploring the school one night, Harry and his friends discover a giant three-headed dog named Fluffy in a restricted area of the school. Ron insults Hermoine after being embarrassed by her in a charms lesson with Professor Flitwick, causing Hermione to lock herself in the girls' bathroom. She is soon attacked by a troll but Harry and Ron manage to save her, befriending her in the process. The children later find out Fluffy is guarding the Philosopher's Stone, an object that can be used to grant its owner immortality. Harry suspects that potions teacher and head of Slytherin House Severus Snape is trying to obtain the stone in order to return Voldemort to physical form. Hagrid accidentally reveals to the trio that Fluffy will fall asleep if played music. Harry, Ron, and Hermione decide that night to try and find the stone before Snape does, but discover that Fluffy is already asleep. They get past Fluffy and face a series of safeguards. These include surviving a deadly plant known as Devil's Snare, a room filled with aggressive flying keys which bruises Harry, and a dangerous life-sized game of chess that nearly kills Ron. After getting past the tasks, Harry discovers that it was Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher Professor Quirrell who was trying to claim the stone, and that Snape was actually protecting Harry all along. Quirrell removes his turban and reveals a weak Voldemort to be living on the back of his head. Through an enchantment placed by Dumbledore, Harry finds himself in possession of the stone. Voldemort attempts to bargain the stone from Harry in exchange for bringing his parents back from the dead, but Harry refuses, causing Quirrell to attack. Harry kills Quirrell by burning his skin and reducing him to dust, after which Voldemort's spirit rises from Quirrell's ashes and passes through Harry, knocking him unconscious. Harry wakes up in the school's hospital wing with Dumbledore at his side. Dumbledore explains that the stone has been destroyed and that Ron and Hermione are safe. Dumbledore also reveals how Harry was able to defeat Quirrell: when Harry's mother died to save him, her death gave Harry a love-based protection against Voldemort. Harry, Ron, and Hermione are rewarded with house points for their heroic performances, tying them for first place with Slytherin. Dumbledore then awards ten points to Neville, who had attempted to stop his friends, giving Gryffindor enough points to win the House Cup. Harry returns home for the summer, happy to finally have a real home in Hogwarts.