Movie : Kabhi Alvida na Kehna
Release Date : 11 August 2006
Genre : Drama, Family, Romance
IMDb Rating : 6.1
Box Office Collection : $15590610
Leading Role Male : Amitabh Bachchan, Shahrukh Khan, Abhishek Bachchan
Leading Role Female : Preity Zinta, Rani Mukerji
Music : Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy
Cinematography : Anil Mehta
Producer : Hiroo Yash Johar
Director : Karan Johar
Screenplay : Sanjay Sankla
Running Time : 192 minutes
Language : Hindi
Plot : Maya (Rani Mukerji) is an orphan who is to marry her closest childhood friend Rishi Talwar (Abhishek Bachchan). The two have been raised by Rishi's fun-loving father Samarjit a.k.a. Sam (Amitabh Bachchan). Dev Saran (Shah Rukh Khan) is a successful soccer player in the United States. He lives in New York City with his wife Rhea (Preity Zinta), his son Arjun (Ahsaas Channa) and his mother Kamaljit a.k.a. Kamal (Kirron Kher). Maya encounters Dev moments before she is to marry Rishi. Although Dev and Maya are strangers, they connect instantly and moments after they part, Dev is hit by a car and permanently injures his leg. Four years later, Dev is now extremely short tempered and bitter because of his inability to play soccer and Rhea's successful career makes him feel inferior to her. Maya too is in a similar situation. She has found that she is infertile and does not feel any love towards Rishi because she believes he is selfish. Dev and Maya witness Sam and Kamal embracing at a flower shop. Sam and Kamal explain that both, having lost their spouses, have decided to help one another through their loneliness by means of friendship. Dev and Maya decide to take a break from the stress of their respective relationships. In doing so, they find themselves drawn to one another. Dev and Maya arrange a dinner for their respective spouses on the occasion of their wedding anniversaries so as to salvage their respective marriages. After returning home from the dinner, Rhea accuses Dev of being jealous of her professional success and also makes Dev realize his failure in being a good father to their son. Rishi expresses frustration at the lack of affection that Maya has shown towards him and resents Maya's inability to have children. Maya arrives at the train station and finds Dev, who after a confrontation finally confesses that he has fallen in love with Maya, and so has she. Sensing the tension in their children's marriages, Sam and Kamal try to talk Rhea and Rishi into trying to reach out to their spouses and when they do, Dev and Maya start feeling guilty because they are happier with each other than with their respective spouses. The two couples attend a ballet, where Dev and Maya try making each other jealous by showing affection to their partners. The next day, they realize that they have been playing with their spouses' feelings but nevertheless give in to their love and cross the forbidden limit by sleeping together. The next day, Sam invites the Sarans for a dinner party on the occasion of Kamal's birthday. At the party, after a conversation on love, marriage and fidelity, Dev 'jokingly' confesses that he loves Maya. Sam senses that there was more to Dev's remark than light banter. The next day, Dev and Maya are caught in an embrace outside the train station by Sam and Kamal. Both Sam and Kamal are shocked and upset at the fact that Dev and Maya cheated on their spouses, despite both Rhea and Rishi's attempts to salvage their respective marriages. That night, Sam has a heart attack. On his deathbed, he advises Maya to leave Rishi as she was depriving Rishi and herself of true love and happiness in life. After Sam's death, Dev and Maya decide they must end their relationship and go back to their respective spouses, but first they must tell them the truth about their extramarital affair, because neither of them would be able to move on with their spouses in the shadow of dishonesty. Shocked and heart-broken, Rhea and Rishi divorce their spouses. Dev and Maya lie to each other and say that they have managed to sort things out with their spouses, believing they'll never meet again. Three years have passed since their last encounter with each other. Rishi visits Maya and says that he has fallen in love again and is remarrying. Rhea, having also been invited, arrives at Rishi's wedding with her boss Jay (Arjun Rampal), whom she is now dating. Rhea learns that Rishi and Maya are divorced – Rishi learns the same about Dev and Rhea. Rhea, after confronting Maya tells her that she had left Dev as soon as she came to know of his affair with her. Maya is encouraged by Rishi and Rhea to stop Dev, who is leaving for Toronto by train. At the train station, Dev sees Maya but tries to avoid her, believing she is still with Rishi. Maya sees him just as the train leaves. Dev, having seen Maya's teary eyes, pulls the emergency brake and arrives back at the station. He makes it back before Maya leaves the train station. They finally find happiness with their true love and decide to start a new life together. At the end, Dev mentions that true love should be the only foundation of a relationship. A flawed foundation would lead to the breakdown of the relationship, which in turn would lead to heartbreak.