Movie : Pelli Choopulu
Release Date : 29 July 2016
Genre : Romance,Comedy
IMDb Rating : 8.4
Box Office Collection : $6999100
Leading Role Male : Vijay Devarakonda
Leading Role Female : Ritu Varma
Music : Vivek Sagar
Cinematography : Nagesh Banell
Producer : Raj Kandukuri,Yash Rangineni
Director : Tharun Bhaskar Dhaassyam
Screenplay : Tharun Bhaskar Dhaassyam
Running Time : 124 minutes
Language : Telugu
Plot : Prasanth (Vijay Deverakonda) goes to Chitra's (Ritu Varma) house for a 'pelli choopulu' (matchmaking). He is a guy who completes his BTech by clearing many subjects for almost 5 years, but he is also lazy and incapable of doing any work. His dream is to become a chef and open a restaurant, but he doesn't get any support from his father. Chitra is a very focused girl who works hard to fulfill her dreams of going to Australia. However, her father shows no interest, as she is a girl. When both of them meet at the pelli choopulu her younger cousin, Subhash, accidentally locks the door and they get stuck. To pass time, they talk about their past. Chitra reveals that she was in love with a North Indian guy named Vikram. They both wanted to start a food truck business. Vikram went to Delhi to talk with his father about their love and business. Meanwhile, Chitra started her plan eagerly, and was ready to surprise Vikram by buying the truck. Then things went wrong and Vikram did not come back overpowered by greed of getting dowry. Chitra and her father waited for him but when they realised Vikram wasn't coming back, her father decided to get her married to someone else. On his turn, Prasanth reveals that he was unemployed and always went out with his two friends. He, along with his friends, made cooking videos, as he is passionate about cooking. But it wasn't profitable enough so, they plan to make prank videos and were caught red-handed by Prashant's father, which ended their plan. He then got a job in a call centre after he was recommended by his father. He started going out with a girl to show off to his friends, but she cheated on him. He found out about it only when her second boyfriend called him at work, and quit his job after having a fight with his boss. It is then revealed that Prasanth came to the wrong address for his pelli choopulu. Later, Prasanth goes to his actual pelli choopulu, which was with a rich family. Meanwhile, Chitra tells the guy coming to her pelli choopulu that she's not interested in marriage. The family of Prasanth's bride wanted him to be able to run a business, so he and Chitra decide to operate the food truck themselves, with Prasanth as the chef, and Chitra in charge of the business side of things. At first, they face many difficulties, mainly through Prasanth's and his friends' laziness as well as fighting with Chitra and giving up the food truck. Prasanth visits Chitra's house and informs her father that he should be proud to have such a responsible daughter. He also claims that if he ever gets a child he would wish to have daughter like Chitra and insists him that he let her pursue her dreams. Chitra understands the good nature of Prasanth and later convinces his father that he is a natural cook by cooking them Prasanth's recipe. They kickstart their business with the support from both their parents. After this, their food truck becomes a smashing success. In the process, they fall in love without realising it, but both of them are engaged to other people, so they drift apart. After realising they love each other, they come back together through a radio show organised by their friend, with the support of their family and friends.