Movie : Interstellar
Release Date : 7 November 2014
Genre : Science Fiction, Drama, Mystery
IMDb Rating : 8.6
Box Office Collection : $677500000
Leading Role Male : Matthew McConaughey
Leading Role Female : Anne Hathaway
Music : Hans Zimmer
Cinematography : Hoyte van Hoytema
Producer : Emma Thomas, Christopher Nolan, Lynda Obst
Director : Christopher Nolan
Screenplay : Lee Smith
Running Time : 169 minutes
Language : English
Plot : In the mid-21st century, crop blights and dust storms threaten humanity's survival. Joseph Cooper, a widowed engineer and former NASA pilot, runs a farm with his father-in-law Donald, son Tom, and daughter Murph. Living in a post-truth society, Cooper is reprimanded for telling Murph that the Apollo missions did occur; he encourages her to carefully observe and record what she sees. They discover that strange dust patterns, which Murph first attributes to a ghost, result from gravity variations and translate into geographic coordinates. These lead them to a secret NASA facility headed by Cooper's former supervisor, Professor John Brand, who explains that 48 years earlier a wormhole appeared near Saturn, opening a path to a distant galaxy with twelve potentially habitable planets located near a black hole named "Gargantua". Twelve volunteers had previously traveled through the wormhole to evaluate the planets, and astronauts Miller, Edmunds, and Mann reported positive results. Professor Brand explains he has conceived two plans to ensure humanity's survival. Plan A involves developing a gravitational propulsion theory to propel a mass exodus on massive space habitats, while Plan B is a conventional launch of the Endurance spacecraft with 5,000 frozen human embryos to colonize a habitable planet. Cooper is recruited to pilot the Endurance. When Murph refuses to see him off, he leaves her his wristwatch to compare their relative time when he returns. The crew consists of Cooper, the robots TARS and CASE, and the scientists Dr. Amelia Brand (Professor Brand's daughter), Dr. Romilly, and Dr. Doyle. After traversing the wormhole, Romilly studies the singularity while Cooper, Doyle and Amelia descend in one of four landing crafts to investigate Miller's planet, an ocean world. After landing in knee-high water and finding only wreckage from Miller's expedition, a gigantic tidal wave kills Doyle and delays departure. Due to the proximity to the black hole, time is severely dilated; 23 years have elapsed for Romilly on Endurance by the time they return. Edmunds' planet has slightly better telemetry, but Mann is still broadcasting from his, so Cooper rules they use their remaining fuel to reach Mann's planet. En route, they receive messages from Earth; Murph, now a scientist, has learned from Professor Brand on his deathbed that Plan B was his only real plan, since Plan A required unattainable gravitational singularity data from within a black hole. On Mann's planet, the Endurance crew revive Mann from cryostasis. He assures them colonization is possible, despite an extreme environment. On an excursion, Mann attempts to kill Cooper and reveals that he broadcast falsified data in the hope of being rescued. He steals a lander and heads for the Endurance. While a booby trap set by Mann kills Romilly, Amelia rescues Cooper with a second lander and they race to the Endurance. Mann is killed in a failed manual docking operation, severely damaging the Endurance. After a difficult docking maneuver, Cooper regains control of Endurance. With insufficient fuel, they head for Edmunds' planet, with the embryos, using a slingshot maneuver so close to Gargantua that time dilation adds another 51 years. In the process, to save weight, Cooper jettisons himself and TARS in two landers to ensure Endurance can reach Edmunds' planet. Slipping through the event horizon of Gargantua, they eject from their respect landers and find themselves in a tesseract, possibly constructed by humans of the far future. Across time, Cooper can see through the bookcases of Murph's old room on Earth and weakly interact with its gravity. Realizing that he is now Murph's "ghost", he manipulates the second hand of the wristwatch he gave her, transmitting the quantum data that TARS collected from inside the event horizon via Morse code. The tesseract, its purpose completed, collapses and ejects Cooper and TARS. Cooper awakes on a space habitat orbiting Saturn. He reunites with his daughter, now an old woman nearing death. Using the quantum data, she was able to develop the gravitational propulsion theory, enabling humanity's exodus and transformation into an advanced spacefaring civilization. She reminds Cooper that Amelia is out there alone. Cooper and TARS take a spacecraft to rejoin Amelia and CASE, who are setting up a human colony on Edmunds' habitable planet.