Movie : Baahubali: The Beginning
Release Date : 10 July 2015
Genre : Action
IMDb Rating : 8.2
Box Office Collection : $89679915
Leading Role Male : Prabhas,Rana Daggubati
Leading Role Female : Tamannaah,Anushka Shetty
Music : M. M. Keeravani
Cinematography : K. K. Senthil Kumar
Producer : Shobu Yarlagadda,Prasad Devineni
Director : S. S. Rajamouli
Screenplay : K. V. Vijayendra Prasad,S. S. Rajamouli
Running Time : 158 minutes
Language : Telugu
Plot : In the ancient kingdom of Mahishmathi, a woman carrying a baby falls into a waterfall and breathes her last, but before dying, she holds the baby in one hand above her head. The baby is rescued by local villagers and adopted by Sanga (Rohini) and her husband. Named Shivudu, (Prabhas) he grows up to be a strong, adventurous young man who is curious about the waterfall and the land beyond. After finding a wooden mask on the ground, he is driven to find the owner of the mask and succeeds in climbing the waterfall. The mask belongs to Avanthika (Tamannaah), a rebellious warrior of a group led by Devasena's brother engaged in guerrilla warfare against Emperor Bhallaladeva (Rana Daggubati) of Mahishmati to rescue their former queen Devasena (Anushka Shetty). Avantika is given the opportunity to rescue the queen. She falls in love with Shivudu after finding out that he climbed the waterfall for her. Shivudu pledges to help her in her mission and sneaks into Mahishmati to rescue Devasena. Shivudu manages to flee with Devasena, but is chased down by Bhallaladeva's son, Bhadrah (Adivi Sesh) and the loyal soldier Kattappa (Sathyaraj). After Shivudu beheads Bhadrah, Kattappa drops his weapon, realizing that Shivudu is Mahendra Baahubali, the son of late king Amarendra Baahubali. He narrates the story of Amarendra's past. Amarendra's father had died long ago, while his mother died giving birth to him. His uncle Bhijjaladeva (Nassar) was deemed unfit to rule due to his crooked nature, however, he believes he was denied the throne due to the fact that one of his arms is disabled. Bijjaladeva's wife Sivagami assumed control of the kingdom with Kattappa's assistance until a new king could be selected. Amarendra was brought up together with Bijjaladeva and Sivagami's son Bhallaladeva. Both young men were trained in arts, science, disguise, politics, and warfare, but they had different approaches towards kingship. While Amarendra was gracious and loved his countrymen, Bhallaladeva was violent and achieved his goals by any means possible. It was then discovered that Mahishmati was about to be attacked by an army of savages called Kalakeyas. Pingaladeva proposed that the prince who killed the Kalakeya king Inkoshi would be the future king of Mahishmati to which Sivagami and the chief minister agrees. Inkoshi rejected Sivagami's offer of peace and insulted her by saying he will have children with her. An enraged Sivagami ordered that his limbs be chopped off and body fed to the vultures. While Bhallaladeva used sophisticated weapons given by Pingaladeva, Amarendra used simple yet effective tactics. As Amarendra was about to slay the king, Bhallaladeva swung his weapon from a distance and killed him. Sivagami announced Amarendra as the new emperor despite Bhallaladeva killing the king because of the fact that he shielded and protected his own countrymen throughout the war. When asked about Amarendra's current whereabouts, a tearful Kattappa reveals that Amarendra is dead and that he is the one who killed him.