Movie : Yevade Subramanyam
Release Date : 21 March 2015
Genre : Drama
IMDb Rating : 7.6
Box Office Collection : $7910100
Leading Role Male : Nani,Vijay Deverakonda 
Leading Role Female : Ritu Varma,Malavika Nair
Music : Radhan,Ilaiyaraaja
Cinematography : Rakesh Erukulla. Naveen Yadav
Producer : Priyanka Dutt,Swapna Dutt
Director : Nag Ashwin	
Screenplay : Nag Ashwin
Running Time : 150 minutes
Language : Telugu
Plot : Subramanyam (Nani), called by everybody as Subbu, is a materialistic IIM graduate who is very ambitious. He works for Pasupathi (Nassar), who aims to buy his rival Ramaiah's (Krishnam Raju) Company but fails at it. Subbu, with his wit and ability to manipulate people, makes Ramaiah's employees sell their shares. With this being Pasupathi's biggest success, Subbu gets engaged to his boss's daughter Riya (Ritu Varma). During the engagement ceremony, a childhood friend, Rishi (Vijay Deverakonda), enters his life. Rishi is very energetic and opposite in the character to Subbu. Rishi is a true artist of life, who lives and never thinks about living. The same day they encounter a free-spirited girl Anandi (Malavika Nair) in a pub. Rishi reveals his dream is to travel with Subbu to Doodh Kasi, a holy lake in the Himalayas. Riya, Subbu and everyone in Pasupathi's employment think that they have conquered Ramaiah's company but they are shocked when they lose some shares, threatening Pasupathi's buy-out of Ramaiah's company. This enrages Pasupathi who threatens to fire Subbu and break his engagement to his daughter. Subbu promises Pasupathi that he will win, and goes to Ramaiah asking him sell his company. Ramaiah rejects his offer humbly. Subbu feels low, and Rishi mentions about Doodh Kasi. Rishi is amused when he finds out that a shareholder's value has upset Subbu. Rishi has Subbu promise about a trip to Doodh Kasi in exchange for returning the shareholder's details. They go to the person who owns the shares and find out that he is Anandi's father and that her signature can make Subbu win. Subbu and Rishi learn that Anandi is a very lonely girl, who has no friends. They befriend her. She keeps postponing signing over the "shares" to Subbu even though it is foremost on Subbu's mind, who always looks to make Anandi sign on the shares. On the way to meet Riya, Rishi and Subbu see a little girl injured on the road and take her to the hospital. Late by a few minutes, the girl dies. Subbu forgets about it but Rishi cannot. A drunk Rishi argues with Subbu that the life they are leading is not the life they must live. Enraged, Subbu points to Rishi the sordid life he is leading, which makes Rishi leave. The next day, Subbu gets a phone call from a police officer who tells him that Rishi died in a road accident. A shocked Subbu and Anandi go to Kolkata for Rishi's funeral. There Anandi promises Subbu the shares if he will go with her to Doodh Kasi to scatter Rishi's ashes in the lake. A major part of the remaining story deals with the journey of Subbu and Anandi to Doodh Kasi with the help of a guide Pemba(Rajesh Vivek) and the change in the mindset of Subbu from a money-minded calculative person to one who learns to live in the moment. It also shows how love blooms between Subbu and Anandi. After having come back from Doodh kasi, Subbu, now a changed man, cancels his engagement with Riya and approaches Ramaiah to give him back his company. The movie ends with Subbu proposing Anandi.