Movie : Deadpool
Release Date : February 8, 2016
Genre : Comedy, Romance, Science Fiction
IMDb Rating : 8
Box Office Collection : $783100000
Leading Role Male : Ryan reynolds
Leading Role Female : Morena Baccarin
Music : Tom Holkenborg
Cinematography : Ken Seng
Producer : Simon Kinberg, Ryan Reynolds, Lauren Shuler Donner
Director : Tim Miller
Screenplay : Julian Clarke
Running Time : 108 minutes
Language : English
Plot : Wade Wilson is a dishonorably discharged special forces operative working as a mercenary when he meets prostitute Vanessa. They become romantically involved, and a year later she accepts his marriage proposal. However, Wilson is soon diagnosed with terminal cancer, and leaves Vanessa without warning so she will not have to watch him die. A mysterious recruiter approaches Wilson, offering an experimental cure for his cancer. He is taken to Ajax and Angel Dust, who inject him with a serum designed to awaken latent mutant genes. They then subject him to days of torture to induce stress and trigger any mutation Wade may have, but without success. When Wilson discovers Ajax's real name, Francis, and mocks him for it, Ajax leaves Wilson in a hyperbaric chamber that takes him to the verge of asphyxiation periodically over a weekend. It finally activates a superhuman healing ability that cures his cancer, but leaves him severely disfigured with burn-like scars over his entire body. He escapes from the chamber and attacks Ajax, but relents when told that his disfigurement can be cured. Ajax subdues Wilson and leaves him for dead in the burning laboratory. Wilson survives and seeks out Vanessa, but does not reveal he is alive because he is afraid of how she would react to his new appearance. After consulting his best friend Weasel, Wilson decides to hunt down Ajax for the cure. He becomes a masked vigilante, adopting the name "Deadpool" (from Weasel picking him in a dead pool), and moves into the home of an elderly blind woman named Al. Deadpool questions and murders many of Ajax's men until one, the recruiter, reveals Ajax's whereabouts. Deadpool intercepts Ajax and a convoy of armed men on an expressway, killing everyone but Ajax. He demands the cure, but is interrupted by the X-Man Colossus and his trainee Negasonic Teenage Warhead. Colossus wants Deadpool to mend his ways and join the X-Men. Taking advantage of the distraction, Ajax escapes. He goes to Weasel's bar and learns of Vanessa. Ajax kidnaps Vanessa and takes her to a decommissioned helicarrier in a scrapyard. Deadpool convinces Colossus and Negasonic to help him, and they battle Angel Dust and several soldiers while Deadpool fights his way to Ajax. During the battle, Negasonic accidentally destroys the equipment stabilizing the helicarrier. Deadpool protects Vanessa from the falling ship, while Colossus carries Negasonic and Angel Dust to safety. Ajax attacks Deadpool again but is overpowered. He reveals that there is no cure, and despite Colossus's pleading, Deadpool kills Ajax. Deadpool promises to try and be more heroic moving forward. Though Vanessa is angry at Wilson for leaving her, she reconciles with him.