Movie : The notebook
Release Date : 25 June, 2004
Genre : Romance, Drama
IMDb Rating : 7.9
Box Office Collection : $115600000
Leading Role Male : Ryan Gosling
Leading Role Female : Rachel McAdams
Music : Aaron Zigman
Cinematography : Robert Fraisse
Producer : Lynn Harris, Mark Johnson
Director : Nick Cassavetes
Screenplay : Alan Heim
Running Time : 124 minutes
Language : English
Plot : At a modern-day nursing home, an elderly man, Duke, reads a romantic story from his notebook to a fellow patient. In 1940, Seabrook Island, South Carolina, poor quarry worker Noah Calhoun sees 17-year-old heiress Allison "Allie" Hamilton at a carnival and they have a summer love affair. Noah takes Allie to an abandoned house that he intends to buy for them. They try to make love for the first time, but are interrupted by Noah's friend Fin with the news that Allie's parents have the police looking for her. When Allie and Noah return to her parents' mansion, Allie's mother Anne calls Noah trash and they ban her from seeing Noah. Noah walks out and Allie chases after him. They have an ensuing argument and break up. The next morning, Anne announces that the family is returning home to Charleston. Allie attempts to contact Noah, but is unable to find him, so she asks Fin to tell Noah that she loves him. When Noah gets the message he rushes to Allie's home, only to find the house gated up and empty. Noah writes to Allie every day for a year but Anne intercepts the letters such that they never reach Allie. Noah enlists with Fin to fight in World War II, where Fin is killed in battle. Allie volunteers in a hospital for wounded soldiers, where she meets captain Lon Hammond Jr., a young lawyer who comes from old Southern money. After a few years being together, the two become engaged, to the delight of Allie's parents. When Noah returns from the war, his father has sold their home so that Noah can buy the abandoned house. While visiting Charleston, Noah witnesses Allie and Lon kissing at a restaurant; he convinces himself that if he restores the house, Allie will come back to him. Later, while Allie is being fitted for her wedding dress, Allie is startled to see in the newspaper that Noah has completed the house to the specifications she made years before. After Allie asks permission from Lon to take a little trip before the wedding, Allie returns to Seabrook to find Noah living in the restored house. The two renew their relationship and make love. Several days later, Anne appears in the morning on Noah's doorstep to warn Allie that Lon has followed her to Seabrook. Anne reveals that, in her youth, she had been in love with a lower-class young man and was still thinking about him; Anne then gives Allie the letters that Noah wrote to her as an admission that she had hidden them from Allie. Subsequently, Allie confesses to Lon that she had spent time with Noah, and eventually returns to her relationship with Noah. In the present narrative, it is revealed that the elderly woman is dementia-stricken Allie, Duke is actually Noah and that he had been told by Allie during the early stages of her illness to reread their journals to help her recall her past. She briefly remembers Noah but soon forgets. Her ensuing panic forces medical personnel to sedate her. Noah suffers a heart attack and is sent to the hospital while Allie is sent to a dementia ward in the same hospital. Noah visits Allie's room in the middle of the night causing her to remember him again and proceeds to remind her of her illness, though he reassures her that they can do anything with the love they share. While sleeping, both Noah and Allie pass away and a nurse discovers them in the morning.