Movie : Prema Katha Chitram
Release Date : 7 June 2013
Genre : Horror,Comedy
IMDb Rating : 7.2   
Box Office Collection : $4001103 
Leading Role Male : Sudheer Babu
Leading Role Female : Nanditha
Music : J.B.
Cinematography : J. Prabhakara Reddy
Producer : Maruthi Dasari
Director : Maruthi Dasari	
Screenplay : Maruthi Dasari
Running Time : 130 mins
Language : Telugu
Plot : The movie starts with Sudheer Babu (Sudheer Babu), Praveen (Praveen) and Nanditha (Nanditha) planning a combined and flawless suicide because of their failures in their respective lives. Firstly they try to fulfill their last wishes before leaving this world. Nanditha wants to steal a new car and Sudheer wants to slap the local MLA in his own house. After stealing a new car and slapping the local MLA, the trio flee away from there to a nearby resort after escaping from the police. At the resort, the car is stolen and the trio enters the resort to have some food. There Saptagiri, yet another suicide aspirant joins them and the four reach the farm house. There, Praveen and Nanditha, who is in love with Sudheer, plan to postpone their suicide for 3 days so that they can prevent Sudheer from committing suicide due to a Love Failure. Their plan turns successful and in that interval of 3 days, all the four get close to each other. Sudheer develops feelings for Nanditha but hesitates to tell to her for fear of being humiliated by her. At the end of the 3rd day, Praveen asks Nanditha to kiss Sudheer to divert from death, per male psychology. He meanwhile requests Sudheer to kiss Nanditha as she wants to experience her first kiss before dying to which Sudheer accepts with shame and shyness. As he tries to kiss her, a ghost enters the body of Nanditha, who forces Sudheer out of there. A flabbergasted Sudheer runs out of the room. Whenever Nanditha shows her feelings to Sudheer and Sudheer reacts to it by hugging or touching her, the ghost enters her body and scares Sudheer away. Unaware of the ghost's entry into her body, Nanditha feels depressed. That night Sudheer comes to know about Nanditha. Nanditha, a hotel management student, falls for Sudheer, her neighbor. Sudheer never observes her and his intimacy with another girl leads Nanditha to plan to propose to Sudheer at any cost. Praveen, who wants to prevent Sudheer from committing suicide, uses this opportunity and plans the combined suicide. Thus the four are aware that they are not going to die. When Praveen hears Sudheer describing Nanditha as a ghost, he rushes to Nanditha's room to scold her and ask for an apology to Sudheer, only to see the ghost enter her body and thrash him. That night, Saptagiri too experiences the Ghost's fury at its villainous best. The trio decide to distance themselves from her and always stay together. From the next morning, they try to get the ghost vacate Nanditha's body only to earn the wrath of the ghost. After Nanditha comes to know about the ghost's presence in her, she too accompanies the trio to escape from there, in vain. Nanditha, who observes Sudheer avoiding her to escape the wrath of the ghost, gets deeply hurt and depressed, resulting in a suicide attempt by slitting her wrist. Three rich men enter the farm house who permit the four to stay there. One of them is the owner of the farm house. Sudheer reaches Nanditha but in turn is requested to kill those three by the ghost. Sudheer asks her the reason for vengeance, and the ghost narrates her story to the trio. The ghost is Lakshmi, a newly married girl who enters the farm house with her husband for their first night. There these three men, who were drunk, break the boy's head with a champagne bottle and rape the girl. The boy dies after being impaled accidentally and drowning in the swimming pool. Then those three men bury her nearby. Sudheer, Praveen and Saptagiri decide to fight them and are successful in killing them. The ghost leaves Nanditha's body. The trio take her to a nearby hospital, where Sudheer donates blood to her. She gains consciousness, and the movie ends with Saptagiri and Praveen watching the couple hugging each other.