Movie : Spyder
Release Date : 27 September 2017
Genre : Action,Thriller
IMDb Rating : 6.9
Box Office Collection : $13796910 
Leading Role Male : Mahesh Babu
Leading Role Female : Rakul Preet Singh 
Music : Harris Jayaraj
Cinematography : Santosh Sivan
Producer : N. V. Kumar,Tagore Madhu
Director : AR Murugadoss	
Screenplay : AR Murugadoss
Running Time : 140 minutes
Language : Telugu
Plot : Shiva (Mahesh Babu), an officer in the Intelligence Bureau office, spies on people's calls and messages to help them if needed. He developed a software to listen to the needing ones by tracking their phones. On the night of 16 March, he listens to a lady named Charlie/Shalini (Rakul Preet Singh) talking about her wish on getting 98% in her exams from 96% to get a USA scholarship with her friend. In order to do that, she decides to get concentration by sleeping with a guy. Shiva follows her, and she starts to fall in love, but he does not as his main focus is to help people. On the night of 28 April, he listens in on a young girl asking her friend for help as she is alone in her house and scared because there is no electricity in her house whilst everyone else on her street has it. Shiva sends his friend, new police constable Renuka (Himaja), to help the girl. However the next day, a news channel declares that the two women had been killed. They were undressed, chopped into different pieces, and were mixed together. Shiva goes to the crime scene and finds it has been a brutal murder. He resigned from his job stating, "I didn't help them and I should've never sent out Renuka," but his father (Jayaprakash) encourages him to find the murderer. To find out who murdered them, he sets out to 'spy' the girl's chats and whereabouts. He finds that a guy followed her at a cafe. Through technology, he finds someone who knows the guy. He then travels to the village where the guy grew up, through the person who knew the guy. From an elderly villager, he learns the past about the guy, Bhairavudu/Sudalai (S. J. Surya). He suffers from sadistic personality disorder and has an unusual desire to kill people and see the victims' family grieving. One day, a village kid sees him killing a person and tells the other villagers. They decide to burn Bhairavudu/Sudalai's house, which his parents died from. Angry, he left the village to continue his killing spree with his younger brother (Bharath). Shiva manages to catch him, but instead he reveals to be Bhairavudu's/Sudalai’s brother. Bhairavudu reveals he killed 23 people and hid their bodies in 23 pillars of a bridge and threatens the citizens to leave his brother unscathed. He also reveals that he plans to destroy a hospital. Shiva kills Bharaivadu’s/Sudalai’s brother in front of the 40 people's families, including an angry Bhairavudu/Sudalai. Bhairavudu/Sudalai plans to kill Shiva's family. Shiva finds out when his mother (Dheepa Ramanujam) calls him and tells him she is scared because there is no current in their house whilst everyone else on the street does, exactly the same as what the girl had said earlier. Shiva manages to save his family through his workmates. Then, Bhairavudu/Sudalai tries to kill Shiva on his way home, which Shiva gets impaled on a truck. He slowly recovers and gets back on getting Bhairavadu/Sudalai. Because Shiva had shot him before he fell unconscious, he thinks Bhairavudu/Sudalai has hidden himself in a house where he can heal, but he has imprisoned the owners. With the help of the neighbourhood ladies, Shiva finds, catches, and arrests Bhairavadu/Sudalai, but Bhairavudu/Sudalai tells him that he had already planned a big rock fall in the city, which starts in 20 minutes. Shiva manages to stop the big rock, with the number of cars that were already there and a truck he managed to get in place. Meanwhile, Bhairavudu/Sudalai escapes from police custody and continues with his plan on destroying a hospital. Charlie/Shalini finds out which hospital but refuses to tell Shiva because he was rude to her. Shiva tracks down her taxi and she tells him which hospital it is, and he rushes there and starts evacuating everyone. He saved as many as he could but couldn't save some patients, which he feels heartbroken over. Shiva finally kills Bhairavudu/Sudalai and tells the media, "We have only killed the patient, but not the disease. Helping people you don’t know is the greatest happiness in the world. We shouldn’t use technology all the time, because we don’t have time to spend with others." He also tells them that there are other people who may have the same exact disease. The movie ends with Shiva walking with Charlie/Shalini out of the crowd.