Movie : Passengers
Release Date : 22 December 2016
Genre : Romance, Science fiction, Thriller
IMDb Rating : 7
Box Office Collection : $303100000
Leading Role Male : Chris Pratt, Michael Sheen
Leading Role Female : Jennifer Lawrence
Music : Thomas Newman
Cinematography : Rodrigo Prieto
Producer : Stephen Hamel, Michael Hamer
Director : Morten Tyldum
Screenplay : Maryann Brandon
Running Time : 116 minutes
Language : English
Plot : The Avalon, a sleeper ship transporting 5,000 colonists and 258 crew members in hibernation pods, is on course to the planet Homestead II, a journey taking 120 years. Thirty years into its journey, the ship passes through an asteroid field, leading to a collision that causes a malfunction. The malfunction awakens one passenger, mechanical engineer Jim Preston, 90 years too early. After a year of isolation, with no company except an android barman named Arthur, Jim grows despondent and contemplates suicide. One day, he notices Aurora Lane, a writer and journalist, in her pod. He watches her video profile and is immediately smitten, and reads everything she has ever written. After struggling with the morality of manually reviving Aurora for companionship, therein robbing her of a long life on a planet — a dilemma he daily discusses with Arthur — he awakens her, claiming her pod also malfunctioned. Aurora is devastated to realize she will live the rest of her life on the ship. Her attempts to re-enter hibernation are fruitless. Eventually, she accepts her situation and begins writing a book about her experiences. Over the next year, Jim and Aurora grow closer, and eventually fall in love. Jim prepares to propose to Aurora on the one-year anniversary of her awakening in space, but inadvertently Arthur reveals the truth to Aurora hearing from her that she and Jim have "no secrets" between them. Aurora is devastated; she considers his action tantamount to murder. She alternately berates, shuns, and physically attacks Jim. Jim tries to ask Aurora for forgiveness, but she furiously rejects him. The two refrain from contact for some time. Soon after, another pod failure awakens Gus Mancuso, Chief Deck Officer. He discovers multiple failures throughout the ship's systems. If not repaired, the ship will continue to suffer critical system failures and the mission may fail. Gus attempts to repair the ship with Jim and Aurora's help, while Aurora still blames Jim for stealing her life. Gus soon becomes ill; unlike Jim's, his body was physically damaged by his malfunctioning pod. The Autodoc, an automated medical diagnostics and treatment pod, shows he has only hours to live. Before dying, Gus gives Jim and Aurora his ID badge to access crew-only areas and repair the ship. Jim and Aurora discover a series of hull breaches from the collision two years earlier. The computer module administering the fusion reactor that powers the ship has been damaged, causing the ship's escalating malfunctions. Jim and Aurora replace the damaged module. The computer attempts to vent the reactor in order to extinguish a massive reactor fire, but fails. Jim realizes that the reactor must be vented by opening the vent hatch from the ship's exterior. Aurora assists, while admitting she is terrified of losing Jim and being left alone. Aurora, from inside the ship, and Jim, outside, vent the reactor. Jim's tether snaps and his damaged spacesuit loses oxygen; Aurora frantically retrieves and resuscitates Jim in the Autodoc. Afterwards, Jim learns that the Autodoc can function as a makeshift hibernation pod for one person. To make amends to Aurora, he offers it to her to sleep for the remainder of the voyage. Eighty-eight years later, the ship's crew awaken as scheduled, shortly before arrival on Homestead II. They discover a small house amid lush flora and fauna in the ship's grand concourse area. Aurora's book reveals that she chose to stay awake with Jim and continue writing her story.