Movie : Kuch Kuch Hota Hai
Release Date : 16 October 1998
Genre : Drama, Romance, Comedy
IMDb Rating : 7.7
Box Office Collection : $14762790
Leading Role Male : Shahrukh Khan, Salman Khan
Leading Role Female : Kajol, Rani Mukerji
Music : Jatin-lalit
Cinematography : Santosh Thundiyil
Producer : Yash Johar, Hiroo Yash Johar
Director : Karan Johar
Screenplay : Sanjay Sankla
Running Time : 185 minutes
Language : Hindi
Plot : The film begins with Rahul Khanna (Shah Rukh Khan) standing in front of the funeral pyre of his wife Tina (Rani Mukerji). Through a series of flashbacks, we are shown Rahul and Tina's marriage, their honeymoon, Tina's pregnancy with their daughter, and the child's eventual birth. It is revealed that Tina was aware of complications in her pregnancy; the complications would be fatal, and either mother or child could be saved, but not both. However, she decided not to tell Rahul as she knew how much he wanted a child. During her pregnancy, Tina, who also loved the baby more than her own life, writes eight letters to her daughter (one for each of her first eight birthdays) and gives them to Rahul's mother (Farida Jalal). Before dying, Tina asks Rahul to promise her to name their daughter Anjali. Eight years later, Rahul is a single parent living with his daughter Anjali Khanna (Sana Saeed) and his mother. Rahul's mother worries that he is lonely and that Anjali is missing out on a motherly figure in her life, but Rahul brushes it off, saying that having him and his mother is enough for Anjali. On her eighth birthday, Anjali reads the last and most important letter that her mother left her; it tells the story of Rahul, Tina, and Anjali Sharma. The film then flashes back to St. Xavier's College, where Rahul and his best friend, tomboy Anjali Sharma (Kajol) are popular students. Though they are close friends, they deny any romantic feelings for each other. The college principal Mr. Malhotra (Anupam Kher) states that his daughter Tina is coming to St. Xavier's from Oxford University to finish her degree, and asks Anjali to be her guide and friend. Tina quickly becomes friends with Anjali, and Rahul constantly flirts with Tina, trying to win her over. As time goes by, Anjali realises that she is in love with Rahul, and her motherly guardian Rifat Bi (Himani Shivpuri) encourages her to tell him. Before she is able to declare her feelings for Rahul, however, he instead tells Anjali that he is in love with Tina. Devastated, Anjali decides to leave college and shares a tearful goodbye with Rahul. Although she is in love with Rahul as well, Tina realises that she came between him and Anjali. Back in the present, Tina explains in her letter to her daughter Anjali Khanna that Rahul had always said that love is friendship, and without friendship, there can be no love. Rahul is a single parent and lacks a friend in his life, so Tina assigns her daughter the mission of reuniting Rahul and Anjali and bringing back Rahul's lost love and friend. The next day, Rahul, his daughter, and his mother head to Faridabad where they meet Mr. Malhotra for Tina's death anniversary. There, Anjali shows her grandparents (but not Rahul) her mother's letters. Anjali Sharma is no longer the tomboy she was in college; she has become a beautiful woman and is now engaged to Aman Mehra (Salman Khan), an NRI living in London. However, she explains to her mother (Reema Lagoo) that she does not really love him and is marrying him as a compromise, as she feels she can never love again after losing Rahul. Aman also suspects that she does not really love him. Determined to reunite her father and his best friend, Anjali Khanna and her grandmother search for Anjali Sharma, and soon learn that she is going to be working at a summer camp, Camp Sunshine, in Shimla. Rahul tells his daughter that she is not allowed to attend the summer camp and heads to a conference, only to later learn that his mother and daughter went without telling him and left a letter for him. Anjali Khanna and Rahul's mother travel to the camp, with a plan to later lure Rahul into coming as well, and the two Anjalis meet each other. One night while watching television, Anjali Sharma realizes she has met Rahul's daughter, and that Tina is dead. Rahul soon arrives at Camp Sunshine after his daughter fakes a fever, and he and Anjali Sharma are surprised and delighted to see each other again. Throughout the days at the camp, Rahul and Anjali find themselves falling in love with each other. Just as they are about to share a passionate moment, Anjali thinks about her upcoming marriage and feels guilty. She runs away in tears, after which Aman arrives and tells Rahul that he is Anjali's fiancé. Rahul is heartbroken but congratulates Anjali. She takes this as him rejecting her again, so she leaves the summer camp and decides to marry Aman as soon as possible. After seeing Tina in a dream, Rahul and his family go to Anjali's wedding, where Rahul silently confesses to Anjali that he loves her, and watches in tears as she is brought forth for the wedding. Knowing of Rahul's feelings, Anjali is hesitant to go through with the marriage, and sobs on her way to the altar. Aman notices the tears in her eyes and realises that she has always been in love with Rahul. He releases Anjali from the engagement and tells her to marry Rahul. Rahul and Anjali have an emotional embrace and as the two marry, little Anjali Khanna sees a vision of Tina, who is smiling and giving her a thumbs up.