Movie : Mean girls
Release Date : 3 September 2004
Genre : Comedy, Teen, Drama 
IMDb Rating : 7
Box Office Collection : $129000000
Leading Role Male : Tim meadows
Leading Role Female : Lindsay Lohan, Rachel McAdams, Ana Gasteyer, Amy Poehler
Music : Rolfe Kent
Cinematography : Daryn Okada
Producer : Lorne Michaels
Director : Mark Waters
Screenplay : Wendy Greene Bricmont
Running Time : 97 minutes
Language : English
Plot : Sixteen-year-old homeschooled Cady Heron (Lindsay Lohan) and her zoologist parents return to the United States after a twelve-year research trip in Africa, settling in Evanston, Illinois. Attending a public school, North Shore High School, for the first time, Cady meets new classmates Janis Ian and Damian. Janis and Damian educate Cady on the school's various cliques and warn her to avoid the most popular and infamous one, the "Plastics", who are led by queen bee Regina George (Rachel McAdams) and include insecure rich girl Gretchen Weiners (Lacey Chabert) and sweet but dimwitted Karen Smith (Amanda Seyfried). The Plastics take an interest in Cady and invite her to sit with them at lunch. Seeing that Cady is getting along with the Plastics, Janis devises a plan of revenge against Regina for some past slight, using Cady as the infiltrator. Cady soon learns about Regina's journal, "The Burn Book". It is filled with rumors, secrets, and insults about other girls and some teachers at school. Despite this discovery, Cady doesn't carry out Janis' scheme for ethical reasons. Meanwhile, Cady becomes attracted to Regina's ex-boyfriend, Aaron Samuels. Cady purposely fails math tests in order to have an excuse to talk to Aaron. Regina, jealous, steals Aaron back at a Halloween party by kissing him in front of Cady. This spurs Cady to fully commit to Janis' plan to cut off Regina's "resources". This involves breaking Regina and Aaron up, tricking Regina into eating Swedish "nutrition bars" that actually make her gain weight, and turning Regina's fellow Plastics against her. In the process, Cady unwittingly remakes herself in Regina's image, becoming spiteful and superficial, and abandons Janis and Damian. When Regina is finally made aware of Cady's treachery, she retaliates by spreading the contents of the Burn Book all over the school, quickly inciting massive socially motivated brawls throughout the school. To avoid suspicion, Regina inserts a fake libel of herself in the book in order to blame Cady, Gretchen, and Karen, the only female juniors not mentioned in the book. Karen convinces Principal Duvall that they did not spread the book. The principal soon quells the fighting and gathers all of the junior girls in the gymnasium. Math teacher Ms. Norbury, whom the Burn Book defamed as a drug dealer, makes the girls face the ways they all treat each other and apologize to each other and the teachers; the plan sees success, as friendships are rekindled. When Janis' turn comes, she defies Ms. Norbury, confessing her plan to destroy Regina with Cady's help and openly mocking Regina. Pursued by an apologetic Cady, Regina storms out of the school and is struck by a school bus, breaking her spine. Without any friends, shunned by Aaron, grounded by her parents, and despised by her peers at school, Cady takes full blame for the Burn Book and becomes an outcast. After she makes amends with Regina, Cady's guilt soon dissolves, and she returns to her original personality. To make up for the math tests she failed, she joins the Mathletes in the state championship finals. Cady answers the tie-breaker correctly, and they win the championship for the school. At the Spring Fling dance, Regina's new boyfriend is elected King, while Cady is elected Queen. Onstage, Cady declares that all of her classmates are wonderful in their own way, snaps her plastic tiara, and distributes the pieces to some other girls. She then reconciles with Janis, Damian, and Aaron, and reaches a truce with the Plastics. The Plastics disband over summer vacation: Regina joins the lacrosse team to deal with her anger, Karen is the school weather reporter and Gretchen joins the "Cool Asians" clique. Aaron has graduated from high school and attends Northwestern University in Chicago. Janis has begun dating Mathlete Kevin Gnapoor, whom she initially disliked. As Cady reflects on the societal peace that has taken over North Shore High, a group of new "Junior Plastics" has arisen, and Cady imagines them being hit by a bus.