Movie : Khaleja
Release Date : 7 October 2010
Genre : Romance, Comedy
IMDb Rating : 7.6
Box Office Collection : $18856700
Leading Role Male : Mahesh Babu
Leading Role Female : Anuskha
Music : Mani Sharma
Cinematography : Yash Bhatt, Sunil Patel
Producer : Singanamala Ramesh, C. Kalyan
Director : Trivikram Srinivas
Screenplay : Trivikram Srinivas
Running Time : 164 minutes
Language : Telugu
Plot : A remote village named Pali in Andhra Pradesh is struck by an unknown disease, with several villagers dying each month. The village Tantrik (Rao Ramesh) predicts a powerful man will come to their rescue as God. He assigns his assistant Siddhappa (Shafi) with the duty to find a man with such supernatural power and bring him to their village. Meanwhile, Alluri Seetarama Raju (Mahesh Babu) is a cab driver who lives in Hyderabad with his grandfather (Kota Srinivasa Rao), a teacher. He is currently in Rajasthan in search of the family of a man named Bilavar Singh. In his journey, he meets a Gemini TV reporter Baabji (Sunil), who comes to Rajasthan to shoot a travel documentary. Raju introduces himself to Baabji and tells him the reason for him being in Rajasthan. He describes a woman named Subhashini (Anushka Shetty), whom he considers brings bad luck to him. Previously, he encountered her in various occasions in which she damages his taxi due to her reckless driving. Raju lands in the hospital one day when Subhashini mixes an epsom salt laxative in Raju's coffee, thinking it meets her at a coffee shop to collect the compensation for his taxi's damages from her, though this was meant for someone else. One day, he drives two men, geology scientist Dr. Paranji and his assistant Bilavar to their destination the Geological Survey of India. But he sees them getting gunned down by some henchmen, and Bilavar falls out of a window and lands on Raju's taxi, destroying it. Since Bilavar has insurance, Raju's boss tells him to deliver the insurance check of Rs. 5,00,000 to Bilavar's family in Girdwala, Rajasthan and get Rs. 1,00,000 in return to pay for his car damages. Meanwhile, Subhashini's father, business magnate Durga Prasad (Tanikella Bharani), brings her a match, another business magnate GK's (Prakash Raj) son (Amit Tiwari). The main reason for the proposal is to establish a strong business partnership. GK's son takes her to Rajasthan for a date. Subhashini runs away after she sees a condom drop from his pocket. GK finds out about it, informs Prasad, and promises to bring Subhashini back. He sends his henchman Govardhan (Subbaraju) to Rajasthan in search of Subhashini. Subhashini finds Raju and Baabji and learns she is in Rajasthan. Subhashini, Baabji, Raju, and a botanist Tom Cruise (Ali) find Girdwala and hand the check to Bilavar's family, but Raju refuses to ask for the Rs. 1,00,000 when he sees the family's poverty. Tom remains in the village as the villagers want to punish him for cutting a sentimental plant. Baabji goes away with his shooting team but does not offer them a ride. As Raju and Subhashini return, Govardhan's men stab Raju and take Subhashini after knocking her unconscious. Raju survives, fights, and kills almost all of Govardhan's men. Just as Raju goes unconscious, Sidhappa finds him and believes he is the God after seeing the omens. Sidhappa and Subhashini take Raju to Pali, where the villagers treat his wounds. After waking up, he finds all of the villagers praising him as their God. He finds out from Subhashini that they are in Pali, and that the villagers see him as the supernatural godsend who will rescue the village. Initially reluctant to help them out, he escapes to Hyderabad, where he hands over Subhashini to her father. After realizing Tom and Siddappa followed him to Hyderabad, Raju puts fate to the test and when he understands the concept of deityhood and god, he makes it a goal to solve the mystical series of deaths in the village. After tracking down a doctor, the dean of the medical college run by GK, Govardhan, and GK's lawyer Miriyam (Brahmanandam), Raju discovers the plastic factory in Pali deposits its wastes in the drinking water source nearby, thus contaminating and killing the villagers. GK actually wants the villagers in Pali to die, which was why he had the Government's medical camp removed periodically. He finds GK's assistant (Archana) and suspects she has something to do with GK's plan as she did not get into his taxi along with Paranji, indicating she knew beforehand that he was going to be killed. Raju inquires her about GK's intentions, who reveals that Paranji discovered earlier that there is a large iridium deposit under Pali, which is worth billions, and informed GK about it. Despite GK's warning to Paranji of not revealing it to anybody else, he tries to inform the Geological Survey of India about the deposits, which was why he and Bilavar, who was with him, were killed that day. GK suspects that Raju might also know about the iridium deposit because he was with Paranji when he was killed which was why GK sent Govardhan to kill him. Raju was lured to Girdwala under the cover of delivering the insurance check to Bilavar's family and was attacked by Govardhan. GK needs the strong plastic glass from the plastic factory to pack the iridium. He wanted the Pali villagers to vacate on their own to avoid suspicion, which was why he poisoned Pali's environment using the plastic factory's waste. GK kills his assistant and Govardhan for their failures. He then heads to Pali to kill all the villagers. The village head warns GK that Raju is their God, that he would bring death to GK, and keep Pali's population at 534, not letting any more die in the process. Raju arrives at Pali with Sidhappa. GK shoots Sidhappa and kills him, reducing the population to 533. Before dying, Siddhappa looks into Raju's eyes, dying after. Raju kills GK's goons and severs GK's palm. A terrified GK starts escaping with Raju in pursuit. Raju catches up to him, and GK dies when a religious knife hanging from a nearby tree falls and stabs him in the neck after Raju curses him to die. The village head reveals Raju fulfilled his mission as God to save the village, because although Sidhappa was killed, another baby was born to keep the village's population at 534. The film ends with a new flag being put up in honor of the new birth.