Movie : Khoobsurat
Release Date : 19 September 2014
Genre : Comedy, Romance 
IMDb Rating : 6.5
Box Office Collection : $5436018
Leading Role Male : Fawab Khan
Leading Role Female : Sonam Kapoor
Music : Sneha Khanwalkar, Badshah, Amaal Mallik
Cinematography : Tushar Kanti Ray
Producer : Rhea Kapoor, Anil Kapoor, Siddharth Roy Kapoor
Director : Shashanka Ghosh
Screenplay : Bakul Matiyani
Running Time : 127 minutes
Language : Hindi
Plot : Mili Chakravarty (Sonam Kapoor) is a highly educated and professional physiotherapist who works for the Indian cricket team. Her skills are proven when she is shown fixing a cricketer's leg cramp moments before he has to go on the field. Her mother Manju Chakravarty (Kirron Kher) hopes that she will find a suitable and charming man to marry someday. As fate would have it, her services are called for by a royal family in Rajasthan where King Shekhar Singh Rathore (Aamir Raza Husain) is paralyzed from the waist down. She is told that 40 doctors have already left the job, so evidently treating the King is no easy task. Mili travels to the royal palace and meets the discipline-oriented queen, Nirmala Devi Rathore (Ratna Pathak Shah) who is not amused by Mili's enthusiasm and clumsiness, and they do not get along very well. Mili finds that her casual way of living does not appeal to the royal family whose strict discipline demands otherwise. Inside the palace, she meets Vikram Singh Rathore (Fawad Khan) the prince, whose distant personality makes him similar to his parents. She also discovers that Divya Rathore (Simran Jehani), the youngest child princess of the family, has an interest in cinema but is being forced to study business management. Mili becomes good friends with Divya and encourages her to follow her passion. The King keeps avoiding his exercise and this troubles Mili and because she is determined to cure him, she turns to Vikram for help. He gives Mili the same answer that the Queen gave her, "if you cannot handle the job, you may leave". Mili gets frustrated and tries to explain to them that all family members must help the King to get better instead of being stubborn, rigid and self-centered all the time. Just when Mili decides to leave, she learns the real reason for the King's unwillingness from the royal servant Ram Sevak (Ashok Banthia). He explains that ten years ago, the family's eldest son died in an accident in a convertible gifted by the King, during one of their long rides. The King went into a coma for over six months during which the Queen's demeanour changed due to the loss of her son, the paralysis of her husband and the royal responsibilities suddenly thrust upon her. The Palace used to be a fun-filled and happy place but after the accident, everything and everyone changed. Mili shames the King into getting over his guilt and going a step further, tries to befriend the King by encouraging him to tell her about his favourite wine, and plays video games with him. She also encourages him to talk about the car accident. After 2-3 months, Mili sees improvements, and by this time the King has befriended her and is on good terms with her. One day the king persuades the prince to take Mili with him to Surajgarh Palace. After that, the prince leaves Mili in the market to shop while he goes to a meeting. Somehow Mili gets herself kidnapped, and when Vikram saves her, they both kiss. The next day, they both decide to forget about it but the two start falling for each other. Mili confesses her love for him but Vikram refuses to acknowledge it, saying that they come from two different stocks. He is also engaged to a lady of his status Kiara (Aditi Rao Hydari). Divya runs away to try out for auditions in Jaipur. Mili informs the queen that she knew about Divya's plans. The queen becomes furious and Mili is ordered to leave. Divya returns and tells Nirmala that she came back because of Mili. The king surprises Nirmala by standing up from his wheelchair and admits that he saw Divya run away. He tells her that this is what Mili has been trying to teach them; to love life as it is. Mili, however, is heartbroken due to Vikram's refusal. Vikram breaks off his engagement with Kiara and confesses his love for Mili and the royal couple gives him their blessings, telling him to go find her in Delhi. Vikram finds her house and finds out that Mili is gone for therapy. He goes to the place where she is being treated. Vikram is shocked to see the place is actually a paintball arena. He declares his love to Mili, who agrees to his proposal. Covered in paint, Vikram wins Mili's mother's approval by proposing to Mili in her style, and hence, as the wife of Vikram Singh Rathore, Mili is given the title of The Royal Misfit, and the two happily marry.