Movie : Julai
Release Date : 9 August 2012
Genre : Action
IMDb Rating : 7.2
Box Office Collection : $14348786
Leading Role Male : Allu Arjun
Leading Role Female : Ileana D'Cruz
Music : Devi Sri Prasad
Cinematography : Chota K. Naidu,Shyam K. Naidu
Producer : Chota K. Naidu,Shyam K. Naidu
Director : Trivikram Srinivas	
Screenplay : Trivikram Srinivas
Running Time : 152 minutes
Language : Telugu
Plot : A thug named Bittu (Sonu Sood) and a local MLA Varadarajulu (Kota Srinivasa Rao) plan to rob ₹15 billion (US$210 million) (₹1500 crore) from a bank. Ravindra Narayan a.k.a. Ravi (Allu Arjun) believes in earning quick money rather than toiling like his father Narayana Moorti (Tanikella Bharani). During a chance meeting with Bittu, Ravi reveals his intention of making quick money by betting on an IPL match and discloses the location of the betting ring. However, the police raid the location and Ravi is apprehended. During interrogation, Ravi deduces that Bittu has tipped off the Police to commit a crime and attempts to convince the ACP Raja Manikyam (Rao Ramesh). Bittu successfully robs the bank and his brother Lala (Shafi) takes the money to the city's dumping yard. However, the Police catch Lala, who resists them only to be killed by Ravi. Meanwhile, Bittu goes to the dumping yard to collect the money but is shocked as the dumping yard is burnt to ashes. Having his brother dead and the money burnt, Bittu decides to kill Ravi. Raja Manikyam sends Ravi to Hyderabad from Visakhapatnam under the Witness Protection Program and makes him to stay at his friend ACP Sitaram (Rajendra Prasad)'s house. One day, Ravi happens to see Madhu (Ileana), a middle-class girl who works with travel agent Travel Moorthi (Brahmaji), an associate of Bittu. He prepares fake passports for Bittu's gang to help them escape from India. Ravi befriends Madhu and both fall in love with each other, and the two find out about Bittu. Eventually, a final showdown between Ravi and Bittu occurs wherein both intend to end the other. Ravi emerges victorious and exposes the stolen money. The movie concludes with Ravi realizing the importance of hard work over any apparent short-term routes to success. The movie ends with Ravi going to the job which earns him ₹25000.