Movie : Tholi Prema
Release Date : February 10, 2018
Genre : Romantic,Comedy
IMDb Rating : 8.3
Box Office Collection : $2069536 
Leading Role Male : Varun Tej
Leading Role Female : Raashi Khanna
Music : S. Thaman
Cinematography : George C. Williams
Producer : B. V. S. N. Prasad
Director : Venky Atluri
Screenplay : Venky Atluri
Running Time : 136 minutes 
Language : Telugu
Plot : The film starts with Aditya "Adi" Shekar (Varun Tej) searching frantically for his love in London, where she's missing. The film cuts to a flashback and Adi starts talking about how he is successful at work but his love life is a failure. The flashback starts with Adi giving a revenge to his college professor for his 2 years of miserable life in college. After the principle found out it was Adi, he decided to leave the place. He is on the train and that's where he meets Varsha (Raashi Khanna). He instantly falls in love with her and does many tactics to win her heart. Varsha is a very reserved girl while Adi is outgoing. Adi proposes to Varsha and he expected an answer by the morning where the journey ends, but to his surprise when he woke up, Varsha was nowhere to be found. Adi joins college and about 3 months have passed and he has no idea where Varsha is. To his surprise, he finds Varsha and she tells him that she enrolled in his college just for him by paying a lot of money. Varsha gives a lot of signs that she is in love with him but she doesn't say those 3 words to Adi which he tries extremely hard for. Their love blossoms and eventually they break up because of Adi's impulsive nature. Six years have passed and Aditya is a successful student, topping his college, but is unable to forget Varsha. Varsha and Adi both meet up in his workplace and at first, Adi hates her while Varsha yearns for his attention. Slowly, they both become friends and yet Adi does not admit that he is still in love with her and hurts Varsha. They both get into a fight and Varsha gives him back the things Adi gave her 6 years ago when they were in a relationship. He opens the box and finds out that she kept the love he gave her and the hate he gave her and realizes that she only decided to come back Adi's life after 6 years because she still loves him. He realizes that he still loves her and runs back to find her only to realize that Varsha is gone. He runs and he finally finds her in a train station and he proposes to her. The story ends with both embracing with a kiss.