Movie : Dostana
Release Date : 14 November 2008
Genre : Comedy, Romance
IMDb Rating : 6.5
Box Office Collection : $12135200000
Leading Role Male : Abhishek Bachchan, John Abraham
Leading Role Female : Priyanka Chopra
Music : Vishal-Shekar, Salim-Sulaiman
Cinematography : Ayananka Bose
Producer : Hiroo Yash Johar, Karan Johar
Director : Tarun Mansukhani
Screenplay : Tarun Mansukhani
Running Time : 139 minutes
Language : Hindi
Plot : Sameer "Sam" Kapoor and Kunal Chopra are fun-loving, womanising bachelors in Miami. Sam (a male nurse) is often kidded about skirt-wearing, and Kunal is a fashion photographer. They first meet at a friend's place after a night out with girls, and run into each other again when they are interested in renting the same apartment. The apartment belongs to Neha Melwani, who works for Verve. She lives there with her aunt, who refuses to sublet the apartment to either of them since Neha wants girls as flatmates. After meeting a gay soldier, Sam persuades a reluctant Kunal to pretend that they are lovers so they can rent the apartment. They regret their decision when they meet Neha, since they are attracted to her. The three become good friends, and Sam and Kunal fall in love with her. As Sam and Kunal continue the charade, Sam convinces Kunal to apply for a domestic partnership with him, as Kunal is a US citizen and Sam is not. Unbeknownst to them, the approval letter is sent to Rani, Sam's conservative mother, in London. Neha's gay boss, Murli "M", resigns as Verve's editor and must choose his successor. To impress him (and hopefully get the job), Neha invites him for dinner at her house and asks Sam and Kunal to entertain him. A US immigration agent visits them for a surprise inspection and joins the party. Chaos ensues when Rani arrives from London to confront her son about his newfound sexuality. Sam tries to deny his relationship with Kunal, but the immigration agent affirms that they are a couple. M becomes upset, because Neha had told him Sam and Kunal were both single, and leaves. At Neha's office the following day, M announces that Abhimanyu "Abhi" Singh will be the new editor. Neha, upset at being passed over for promotion, goes home and is consoled by Rani; in turn, she helps Rani accept her son's sexuality. Kunal and Sam help Neha with a project assigned by Abhi, who is impressed with her work. They later take Neha on separate dates, both telling her that they love her. Neha, convinced that they are gay, sees the dates as friendly outings. When Abhi and Neha begin dating, Sam and Kunal sabotage the budding relationship by giving Abhi inappropriate advice; this irritates Neha, and she and Abhi quarrel. When Neha discovers Kunal and Sam's plan, she misinterprets it as jealousy of Abhi. Sam and Kunal redirect their efforts into frightening Veer, Abhi's five-year-old son, about his future with Neha. During a basketball game, Neha discovers that Abhi plans to propose to her and asks Kunal and Sameer's advice. They ask her to turn him down, admitting that their homosexuality is a ruse and they both love her. Veer tells Abhi about his fears, and during the game Abhi breaks up with Neha. She tearfully evicts Kunal and Sameer from her apartment, and resigns from Verve. A few months later Kunal and Sam meet in court, where they are picking up residency permits. Recognising the value of their friendship with Neha and each other, they reconcile. They find Neha at a fashion show and try to apologise, but she refuses to see them. Unaware of Neha and Abhi's break-up, they ask about the wedding and Neha tells them about Veer's fears. Kunal and Sam admit that they manipulated the boy, angering Neha and Abhi. Kunal and Sam climb onto the stage and beg Neha's forgiveness. The crowd encourages them to beg on their knees, say that they love her and blow her kisses, but nothing softens her. When the crowd tells them to kiss each other, they refuse. Neha and Abhi turn to leave, and Kunal kisses a reluctant Sam. Abhi and Neha are both amazed by the lengths to which they will go to regain her trust; Neha forgives them. Kunal and Sam then get down on their knees and propose to Abhi on her behalf. Amused, Abhi agrees. Two months later, Neha playfully asks Kunal and Sam if they felt anything for each other when they pretended to be gay; they say "no", remembering their kiss.