Movie : Indra
Release Date : 24 July 2002
Genre : Action
IMDb Rating : 7.3
Box Office Collection : $3311258
Leading Role Male : Chiranjeevi
Leading Role Female : Arti Agarwal,Sonali Bendre
Music : Mani Sharma
Cinematography : V. S. R. Swamy
Producer : C. Ashwini Dutt
Director : B. Gopal
Screenplay : Chinni Krishna
Running Time : 173 minutes
Language : Telugu
Plot : Indra opens in a village in Andhra Pradesh showing the rivalry between two families. A police officer (Narra Venkateswara Rao) wishing to end this hostility comes up with the proposal of marriage between the two families which ultimately is used by Veera Siva Reddy as a trap to finish off his rival brothers, Bharatasimha Reddy and Vijayasimha Reddy. After the funeral, no one is willing to stake claim for the leadership of the clan when the young Indrasena Reddy, Bharatasimha Reddy's son, comes in and tells his grandmother that he will. The story then moves to 2002 in Varanasi. Shankar Narayana is a taxi driver who has his own boat, makes an honest living, and is held in high regard by the members of his adopted family. During a singing competition held in his niece's college, her friend Pallavi (Sonali Bendre) sees him and falls in love. Pretending to be an orphan, she starts staying with Shankar Narayana and his family. Pallavi's father Chenna Kesava Reddy (Prakash Raj) is the governor of AP. Upon finding his daughter missing, he carries out a search and discovers that she is staying with a taxi driver and his family. He sends out an attack on his family. Enraged he goes to his house to discover that she is staying with Shankar Narayana. He folds his hands and greets him and it is hinted that he knows something about Shankar Narayana's past. The story carries on to Shankar Narayana's niece's wedding. Giri (Sivaji), who stays with Shankar Narayana and his family as a student says that he loved Shankar Narayana's niece. After the marriage, in the area only, Snehalata Reddy (Aarthi Agarwal) comes with her brother Veera Shankar Redddy (Mukesh Rishi), Siva Reddy's eldest son. Snehalata tells Giri to get up, and reveals that Giri is actually Veera Manohar Reddy, Veera Shankar Reddy's son and Snehalata's nephew. She also reveals that Shankar Narayana is really Indrasena Reddy. After the marriage is over, Valmiki (Tanikella Bharani), Indrasena's loyal friend, tells the past of Shankar Narayana. Indrasena Reddy/Shankar Narayana was held in regard in his village. He used to work for the benefit of the people. Siva Reddy, who had murdered Indrasena's family, is warned by him not to return to the village. Siva Reddy returns and, in the ensuing battle, Indrasena kills him. After this, his sons swear revenge on Indrasena and his family. One day Indrasena saves a boy from being run over by a truck – he turns out to be Veera Shankar Reddy's son. Veera Shankar Reddy is furious that his son was saved by his enemy, and he kills his own son. Indrasena, upon hearing this, storms Veera Shankar Redddy's house and confronts him. He buries the boy in the courtyard and plants a sapling over it and tells the boy's mother to pour water to the plant everyday, also warning the brothers that if anything were to happen to the plant, he would kill all of them. Snehalatha (Siva Reddy's daughter) sees this, falls for Indrasena, and tells him that she will marry him. The town has been suffering from drought. When one of the villagers tell Indrasena this, he goes to Chenna Kesava Reddy, previously a collector, and asks to build a reservoir because the poor don't have enough water supply. The government is unable to help because the place where the reservoir can be constructed is owned by Veera Shankar Reddy and his family who are not giving it up. Indrasena calls a meeting and asks them to hand over the land in exchange for whatever they want. The brothers ask for all of his property and a promise that he will leave the village while Snehalata asks Indrasena to marry her. Indrasena agrees and the reservoir is built. On the day of the wedding, unknown to Snehalata, her elder brother murders Indrasena's sisters and their husbands. In a state of rage, Indrasena goes on a rampage, killing three of the brothers. Snehalata swears revenge and sends her nephew, Veera Manohar Reddy, to seduce Indrasena's niece. Indrasena then returns to his village of Rayalaseema. Later Snehalata realizes the truth of her brother killing Indrasena's family by Veera Shankar Reddy's brother-in-law (Sunil) as she tells it to her brother, and asks Veera Manohar Reddy to go ahead and marry Indrasena's niece. Veera Shankar Reddy starts a hase for them as they go in the car and finally Indrasena battles all of them but does not kill Veera Shankar Reddy and suggests that they end the rivalry here only. In the end, Snehalata and Pallavi try to convince Indrasena Reddy to marry them but neither are successful as he still wants to work for the people.