Movie : Toy story 3
Release Date : 25 June 2010
Genre : Animation, Adventure, Family, Drama
IMDb Rating : 8.3
Box Office Collection : $1067000000
Leading Role Male : Tom Hanks, Tim Allen
Leading Role Female : Joan Cusack
Music : Randy Newman
Cinematography : Jeremy Lasky, Kim White
Producer : Darla K. Anherson
Director : Lee Unkrich
Screenplay : Micheal Arndt
Running Time : 103 minutes
Language : English
Plot : Now 17, Andy is headed to college, and his toys have not been played with for years. He has sold most of them except Woody, Buzz Lightyear, Jessie, Bullseye, Rex, Slinky, Hamm, Mr. and Mrs. Potato Head, the Aliens, and the Green Army Men. He intends to take Woody with him and puts the other toys in a trash bag to be stored in the attic, except for the Army Men, who leave. Andy's mother mistakenly throws the bag out. The toys escape and climb into her car, into the donation box with Molly's discarded Barbie, bound for Sunnyside Daycare. Woody follows but is unable to convince them Andy meant to keep them before Mrs. Davis donates them. Andy's toys are welcomed by Lots-O'-Huggin' Bear ("Lotso") and the other toys at Sunnyside. Except Woody, Andy's toys are delighted to learn that Sunnyside never runs out of children to play with, and Barbie is enamored of the handsome Ken. Woody attempts to return home, but is found by Sunnyside student Bonnie, who brings Woody home and plays with him with her other toys, which are well-treated. Woody meets a depressed clown, Chuckles, who explains that he, Lotso, and Big Baby once had a beloved owner named Daisy, but were lost during a family trip. They made it home, where Lotso found he'd been replaced. Lotso's personality changed; he lied to Big Baby, saying Daisy had replaced all of them. When they found Sunnyside, Lotso took it over, and Chuckles only escaped because Bonnie took him home for repair. At Sunnyside, Andy's toys are horrified at the toddlers' rough play. Buzz asks Lotso to move the toys to the older children's room, but Lotso turns on Buzz and restores him to original factory setting, erasing his memory. Mrs. Potato Head, through an eye she lost in Andy's room, sees Andy searching for them. They realize Woody was telling the truth and try to leave. Andy's toys are imprisoned by Lotso's henchmen who rely on "new recruits" to save themselves from the preschoolers' abuse. Woody returns to Sunnyside and learns from a Chatter Telephone that the only way out is through the trash. Andy's toys accidentally reset Buzz to Spanish-language mode instead of his old persona. Spanish Buzz promptly allies himself with Woody and falls in love with Jessie. The toys reach a dumpster, but are cornered by Lotso's gang. As a garbage truck approaches, Woody reveals Lotso's deception to Big Baby, who throws Lotso into the dumpster. As the toys try to leave, Lotso's henchmen retreat and Lotso drags Woody into the dumpster as the truck collects the trash. The rest of Andy's toys fall into the truck while trying to rescue him, except Barbie, Ken and Big Baby who fails to make it on time. A falling television lands on Buzz, restoring his memory and personality. The truck brings the toys to a landfill, where the Aliens are swept away by spotting "The Claw" and the other toys are deposited on a conveyor belt that leads to an incinerator. Woody and Buzz help Lotso reach an emergency stop button, only for Lotso to abandon them and escape. The toys resign themselves to their fate and prepare to die, but are rescued by the Aliens operating the industrial claw. Lotso is found by a garbage truck driver, who ties him to his truck's radiator grille and drives away. Woody and the other toys board another garbage truck back to Andy's house. In Andy's room, Woody climbs into the box of college supplies, while the other toys prepare for the attic. Woody leaves a note for Andy, who, thinking the note is from his mother, takes the toys to Bonnie's house. To Andy's surprise, Woody is at the bottom of the box and Bonnie recognizes him. Though hesitant at first, Andy passes Woody on to Bonnie, and they play together before he leaves. Woody and the other toys witness Andy's departure as they begin their new lives with Bonnie. In the credits scene, Barbie, Ken, and Big Baby have made vast improvements to Sunnyside and maintain contact with the other toys through letters. After parachuting in, the Army Men are welcomed to Sunnyside.