Movie : I hate Luv Storys
Release Date : 2 July 2010
Genre : Romance, Comedy, Drama
IMDb Rating : 5.6
Box Office Collection : $11755044
Leading Role Male : Imran Khan 
Leading Role Female : Sonam Kapoor
Music : Vishal-Shekhar, Salim-Sulaiman
Cinematography : Ayananka Bose
Producer : Hiroo Yash Johar, Karan Johar, Ronnie Screwala
Director : Punit Malhotra
Screenplay : Karan Johar
Running Time : 135 minutes
Language : Hindi
Plot : Simran (Sonam Kapoor) loves Bollywood romances so much so that her life has begun to resemble one. With her awesome job and a "Mr. Perfect" fiancé, Raj (Sameer Dattani), she lives a dreamy life. But then comes Jay (Imran Khan), who brings a fresh joy into her life. Jay is an assistant to a director who is famous for his love story films; however, Jay hates love stories. He is a disbeliever of love. He first hates Simran for her obsession with romance, and Simran also has a bad impression of him, but soon after, the two become friends. Simran's close bond with Jay brings problems in her love life. She feels that Raj is not right for her, and falls in love with Jay, dreaming of spending her entire life with him. She decides to confess her feelings to him, but after doing so, Jay explains that he never thought of her that way—they were only best friends. Heartbroken, Simran leaves and does not speak to Jay. Jay finds that her absence in his life upsets him and realises that he has fallen in love with her. He plans a romantic dinner, asking Simran to meet him. He admits that he loves her but this time, she rejects him, as she does not want to hurt Raj's feelings after giving him another chance. A brokenhearted Jay tries to accept the fact that he has lost Simran to Raj. However, Jay's friends and his mother persuade him to not give up on Simran. Jay tries to make Simran jealous but soon realises that manipulating her feelings will hurt her even more. Meanwhile, Raj proposes to Simran, and she accepts. But, Simran realises she doesn't love Raj, and tells him so. She goes to the movie premiere, where she hopes to meet Jay. On the other hand, Jay is leaving, as he has given up all hopes of being with Simran. At the airport, he talks to his mother and she again asks him not to give up. Encouraged, Jay runs back to the premiere. He finds Simran outside the theatre and the two express their love for each other and hug, finally getting their happy ending.