Movie : Leader
Release Date : 19 February 2010
Genre : Political,Drama
IMDb Rating : 8.1
Box Office Collection : $4139073
Leading Role Male : Rana Daggubati
Leading Role Female : Priya Anand,Richa Gangopadhyay
Music : Mickey J Meyer
Cinematography : Vijay C. Kumar
Producer : M. Saravanan,M. S. Guhan,Aruna Guhan,Aparna Guhan
Director : Sekhar Kammula	
Screenplay : Sekhar Kammula
Running Time : 171 minutes
Language : Telugu
Plot : This movie starts off with the assassination of Sanjeevayya (Suman), the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh. His last wish is for his son, Arjun Prasad (Rana Daggubati), to become the next Chief Minister. However, Arjun's cousin Dhanunjay (Subbaraju) has his own dreams of becoming the Chief Minister. Arjun is approached by Ali (Harsha Vardhan) who has given 10 Crores to Sanjeevayya to resolve a land dispute in Ali's favour. Arjun finds about his Dad's corruption and his mom, Rajeshwari (Suhasini Maniratnam) validates it while sharing Sanjeevayya's desire for caste-less & corruption less government. Arjun's father's brother (or uncle) whom he refers to as Peddaina (Sanjeevayya's elder brother) (Kota Srinivasa Rao) tolerates corruption as long as it helps his family stay in power. Arjun decides to implement his dad's dream and enrolls Ali & News Reporter Ratna(Priya Anand) to quietly win support of his party's MLAs. Arjun bribes his way to win support from MLAs and Ministers and is elected Chief Minister. An angry Dhanunjay attempts to assassinate Arjun and is asked to resign. Arjun encounters resistance from his own party in his drive to eliminate corruption and plots to win support of Alliance Party leader Munnuswamy's daughter Archana (Richa Gangopadhyay) by making her fall for him. His attempts to woo her is successful and Arjun saves his government while losing Archana's support when she realizes that she has been used. As a condition for Munnuswamy's support, he lets the son of an MLA accused of rape & murder of young tribal girl, go scot free. His mom rebukes his move & warns the step as compromises that leads to corruption. That same night, she dies. Arjun resolves to go ahead with his corruption elimination drive and resigns the same evening while creating sensation in the media for exposing corruption. Arjun wins the ensuing election after leaving his uncle's party and establishing a new party. His effort wins back Archana's support.