Movie : Sierra Burgess is a loser
Release Date : 30 August 2018
Genre : Romance, Comedy, Drama
IMDb Rating : 7
Box Office Collection : $0
Leading Role Male : Noah Centineo
Leading Role Female : Shannon Purser, Kristine Froseth
Music : Leland, Sabrina Carpenter
Cinematography : John W. Rutland
Producer : Thad Luckinbill, Trent Luckinbill, Molly Smith, Rachel Smith
Director : Ian Samuels	
Screenplay : Andrea Bottigliero
Running Time : 110 minutes
Language : English
Plot : Sierra (Shannon Purser) is a smart but unpopular girl who aspires to get into Stanford University. She does not fit the traditional standard of physical beauty, but she has a personality full of wit and charm. Popular mean girl Veronica (Kristine Froseth) frequently attempts to make Sierra's life miserable, showering her with cruel taunts and comments (especially regarding her appearance), which she often effortlessly and wittily sidesteps. When Jamey (Noah Centineo), a handsome football player from another school, asks Veronica for her number, she gives him Sierra's number instead, because Veronica has a boyfriend who is in college, and she also wishes to embarrass Sierra. This lie leads to Jamey texting Sierra, believing she is Veronica. After texting and flirting with each other for awhile, Sierra soon begins to like Jamey, although she realizes he thinks he is texting someone else. During band class the next day, Sierra immediately tells her best friend Dan (RJ Cyler) about what has happened, claiming she has "met a guy." Dan responds very skeptically, informing her, "It's called catfishing, and I'm pretty sure it's illegal." She defends herself, saying that either way, they are her words. When Sierra discovers that Jamey believes he is texting Veronica, she approaches Veronica, who is upset after being dumped by her college boyfriend, Spence, who considers Veronica to be too dumb. She offers to tutor Veronica, in exchange for help in continuing to talk to Jamey. Veronica agrees, and they begin tutoring. As they continue helping each other, Sierra learns more about Veronica's frustrating family life, and Sierra begins to grow on Veronica. One night, Jamey video calls Veronica, who appears on the camera screen while Sierra talks behind it. The video call soon ends when Jamey tells her there is a lag, and as soon as they hang up, Sierra and Veronica gleefully laugh together over the fact that it worked. Although initially cold to one another, Veronica and Sierra end up being friends. When Jamey asks Sierra (who he believes to be Veronica) out on a date, Veronica goes with him as a favor to Sierra. However, when he tries to kiss Veronica, Veronica tells him to close his eyes and Sierra kisses him instead, and Jamey believes that he kissed Veronica. Before a football game, Jamey kisses Veronica. Veronica is angry at Jamey for doing this, because she feels like she is betraying Sierra. Jamey does not understand why she is angry, because he believes that she was the person he kissed on their date. Sierra witnesses the kiss and assumes that Veronica kissed him on purpose. As revenge, she decides to expose the fact that Veronica was dumped by her ex-boyfriend over direct message. During the football game, Veronica angrily tells Jamey the truth, and when a panicked Sierra attempts to defend herself and explain, he recognizes her voice. Shocked, he tells both Sierra and Veronica to stay away from him and leaves. Sierra writes a song called "Sunflower" and sends it to Veronica as an apology. Veronica sends the song to Jamey and tells him about what a great girl Sierra truly is. He decides to forgive Sierra and take her to homecoming, bringing her a sunflower. After admitting that she is exactly his type and expressing his feelings for her, they kiss again and go to homecoming together. While there, Veronica and Sierra see each other, and without a word, they share a reconciling embrace by hugging and Dan joins in. The film wraps up by showing where the characters are now.